DOCTOR: what would you like to talk about today? 

PATIENT: how come i can't stand seeing blood except for when i cut myself on purpose it doesn't bother me?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: basal metabolic rate.

PATIENT: alright. in the medical field what is edenna?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but once the immune system has been 'activated' against a specific antigen (chicken) it retains 'memory' of the antigen and will attack it whenever it is present.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. why do the symptoms of diabetes occur?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but come on over here and i'll see if i can break them for you.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: what are some of the benefits of drinking coffee?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. try 2 not 2 use #'s when you type.

PATIENT: but doctor, why do female stood me up?
DOCTOR: well, antivenin is the serum prepared  from animals especially the horse injected with minute dose of snakes venom.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. why does my jaw lock up?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, duct tape!!!  make sure that you have sticky side to sticky side so that it will be reusable.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how do you get rid of crabs?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, unfortunately you cannot target any one area just for fat loss, however you can lose overall body fat that will take fat away from your calves.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how can i be rich?
DOCTOR: Let me think... 1.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case what is the difference between local and general anesthesia and which is best?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, symptoms of a heart attack: chest pain, shortness of breath, sweating, pain in the upper back, flushing, pain down the left arm, pain radiating up into the jaw, feeling a sense of doom.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. why do we get birthmarks?
DOCTOR: erm. well... have some hobbies.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. how to cure an ear infection?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that yeah if you want to screw up your metabolism.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so what is the cause of premature ejaculation and how can it be treated?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. i get uti's all the time, in fact they run in my family.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how can someone increase height in age 24?
DOCTOR: Let me think... emotional problems.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: why is yawning contagious?
DOCTOR: Let me think... eat more protein.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! what is low grade lympho proliferative disorder?
DOCTOR: easy: i can`t remember were i heard this, but a binge drinker ussualy drinks more than one or two drinks per hour, during a drinking session, if thats the case, than i am a binge drinker, so is almost everyone else i know.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how does dextromethorphan interfere with the way maois work?
DOCTOR: I think that the first time you have a-n-a-l sex you stretch your a-n-u-s.

PATIENT: I disagree. how to get rid of pain?
DOCTOR: Let me think... you can use essential oils along with a base (sometimes alcohol).

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. how can i become consistent with exercise?
DOCTOR: well, until you reach maturity.

PATIENT: but how to reduce my weight?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: it is when the density of your bone degenerates.

PATIENT: alright. how can i loose fat around the butt and inner thighs?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. wash with a face scrub everyday, like clean and clear, if you talk on the phone a lot, try and only let the phone touch your ear, keep your hands away from your face.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: what is the effect of caffeine on the fetus?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that colds are viral, anything bacterial that you get, you need an antibiotic.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: what do  doctor do when u have a check up?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that change your lifestyle slowly.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how do i go about getting my cna liscense?
DOCTOR: hmm. continue to shave your entire face even if it doenst need it and more hair will grow back.

PATIENT: but what are the circumstances under which "wisdom tooth" extractions are recommended?
DOCTOR: I believe that sad that you are not satisfied with who you are and how you look.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how soon will my side effects from taking wellbutrin go away?
DOCTOR: hmm. ok, everyone else is just saying eat it.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how can i help my husband get rid of toenail fungus?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: symptoms of psoriasis, especially itching, were relieved by eating 5 ounces a day of an oily fish such as mackerel over an 8 week period.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. does anyone know how to get rid of pimples without using any beauty product?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, i had a similar problem a few years ago.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. if a day after a liver biopsy a patient has a fever of 101.6 and is urinating blood what could that mean?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. you don't have to its your preference, but people wear tight underwear to keep their testicles from hanging when doing any form of cardio.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but why is it as we get older, we can't handle the "spinny rides and roller coasters" we did as children?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: flagellation usually works better than punching.

PATIENT: I disagree. how do i get rid of keratosis pilaris or keratosis solaris?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. first bath all day and wash ur face clearly all time when u go out and coming in.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: do you know why?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. it's a tiny arm prick that introduces the virus to your body.

PATIENT: makes sense. what causes a negitive pregnancy test to become positive after the alotted time?
DOCTOR: simply put, not sure, but i will be checking back to see the other answers.

PATIENT: I knew it. give me imformation on how and why to get a sex change operation and how the procedure works?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think when you consume lesser calories, you are are still supplying your bodies needs.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how to cure warts with celandine?
DOCTOR: Let me think... r u married? if yes, go for se* with your hubby.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how can i get rid of blemishes in my face?
DOCTOR: simply put, i've heard that those who use hair gel and hair spray are less likely to get lice, because the nits can't adhere to the hair as well.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but what are the effects of sexual intercourse?
DOCTOR: well you see, boobies are good because for every child it is a very closeness to mother and also child feel very much protective in the shelter of mother's boobies.

PATIENT: but doctor, how soon can i start lifting weights after surgery( i had apendicitis)?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that eat your spinach.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! why do you take centrum?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, details!!!.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. why can't i sleep?
DOCTOR: hmm. well the average for a girl to get her period is from when she is 8 to 16 years old but since we are all different we get it at different times.

PATIENT: makes sense. why is my right biceps bigger?
DOCTOR: I believe that use what you are and put in a fabrick softner.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. why is it every time i get a massage i end up congested?
DOCTOR: the answer is that a ringworm is a fungus infection.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case what causes varicosil?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think it's not like they fantasize about being hurt and emotionally scarred.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how can i get rid of some old acne scars?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that go to school then take the state exam to become licensed.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. why do females answer men's health questions?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. pinch just underneath the septum of the nose while you hold the tissue there.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. how do i reach the va hospital in battle creek lansing by computer?
DOCTOR: for me, every body will tell u to do sit-ups.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what is hydrocodone?
DOCTOR: A common question. try drinking more water.

PATIENT: okay doc. i have a constipation what can i eat  to get rid of it?
DOCTOR: I believe that get some stridex pads and face wash and lotion and do it every night (its what i do it works beauitufully) in this order:.

PATIENT: I disagree. how do i find out what i am allergic to?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but proactiv solution works on every kind of acne and scars even for adults.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how do you measure body fat?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: i guess you mean friction rub, and it is heard with a stethoscope.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what exactly is pot drug, how danger, and what is the effect cause in the behavior of the person that use it..
DOCTOR: to be blunt, there is really no age limit for breast cancer, unfortunately anyone can get it at any age, i think basically you just have to have the breast tissue, reason why some men can get breast cancer as well.

PATIENT: but doctor, how can you get rid of pimples?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think coffee is good but you will probably have to switch it up from time to time because your body will get accustomed to the habit and no longer work.

PATIENT: I knew it. how i can modify my body after losing alot of weight to be sexy?
DOCTOR: You see, pulmonary tuberculosis can express itself with persistant cough (more than 15 days), and hemoptisis, weight loss, and nightly fever.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. what are the side effects of piriton addiction?
DOCTOR: the answer is that it's a toss up.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: what can i do to burn fats around my waist?
DOCTOR: for me, because he can afford hiv medication and therapy that the rest of the world can't.

PATIENT: I disagree. my eye sight is -ive .75  .how offen should i wear glasses .i wear only to watch tv or laptop?
DOCTOR: You see, 15 minutes is fine.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. what is the cure for man boobs?
DOCTOR: the answer is that several things.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case what are the differences between running and jogging?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: no drinking water has no relation to semen production.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. how can you contract aids if you aren't sexually active, don't do drugs, and never got a blood transfusion?
DOCTOR: well, you probably have a sinus infection.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, what  is the best way to get rid of mosquitoes beside using sprays and candles?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. in what context?  nursing home? hospital? home?  many people with pacemakers lead very normal lives, so i wonder what other problems your patients has.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, what are some home remidies for getting rid of pimples?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but moisturize them often with blistex and make sure you aren't licking them.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. how can i breathe oxygen?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. youv'e got an infection! you need to see a doctor.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. how can u tell if someone is lying to you ?
DOCTOR: I think that possibly an allergy to a chemical in the solution you use.

PATIENT: but what's a stey & how do you get them on your eye like what's it called from?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: they do come back because of stress.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. why can't i stand the weather above 23 degrees celcius?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: inflammation of a tendon.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how does "no masturbation at all" effects a man?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but because you don't exercise.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how do i get a file clerk job in a hospital?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially simple, work out.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: what do u do if u...?
DOCTOR: easy: go to a doctor.

PATIENT: yes, but what workout routine do you have?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that no.

PATIENT: makes sense. why are you supposed to drink water with aspirin?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that you are correct, its how they cut the cord.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how long is the recovery for a breast reduction & what are the side effects?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. it sounds like he  might have a blockage of some sort, but the calling the dr.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. what is an ectopic pacemaker?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. you should never abrubtly stop taking paxil.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how to get a replacement medicare card?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. by loosing body fat.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but why don't people listen?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, you are having a refractorry error (not defective vision)called "hypermetropia"or "far vision".

PATIENT: okay. so, then: can any body tell me why it is recommended in any weight loss diet to drink a lot of water?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, 1, an otc patch that can go behind the ear.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. what's the difference between prebiotic and probiotic?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, several conditions come to mind with your question.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: why   a  young   boy   with  sound  lungs   coughs so  much?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but no it is good for you my little blackcurrant.

PATIENT: I knew it. does anyone know how to stop a bad toothache?
DOCTOR: for me, it's supposed to give you more energy for when your doing or just finishing up heavy physical activity.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: what happens if you goto sleep everyday after lunch for 3 hours?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. combination of things:  the way they prepare the food, ie grease, oils, etc (fried taco shells, lots of cheese-which should be the opposite effect, fried chili rellenos).

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how do i remove a d sized battery from my anus?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. it`s usually referred to as a collapsed lung which means it is not able to inflate itself due to an injury, in this case the broken rib may have punctured it.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what are the side effects of taking zoloft and doing meth?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that do yourself a favor never ever answer the phone when having sex.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. why does illness/pain seem to gain strength with the coming of night?
DOCTOR: I believe that well headaches can be caused in alot of ways.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how do i get rid of this migrain?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: pilates is asian yoga.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. why does my nose turn red?
DOCTOR: Let me think... skin pigmentation unevenly distributed.

PATIENT: I knew it. what colour eyes do you have?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, wow  they are rude,those two above me, girl just keep trying you will lose it just takes time, try eating like around 5 but not after 6, and eat more fruit's and veggies, no soda, try to eat less in the day and then at dinner eat a big meal, but do wut u feel good luck!!.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how can i numb my gag reflex or get rid of it completely?
DOCTOR: Let me think... put bubble gum in your face.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. why do i get diarrhoea every morning after exercise and then breakfast?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. 1) do not sleep on the back.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. how to cure a sore left lung?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think occasional sponging, avoid putting too many creams on the affected parts, although calamine lotion may help with itching here.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, hi, how can i slim my legs?
DOCTOR: well you see, trazinelt must be a brand name.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how does x-rays effect male genitalia?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think use neosporin it's the best thing out there for cuts and scrapes but clean it really well with hydrogen peroxide first to avoid infection.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. what is about std calle d herps?
DOCTOR: easy: my question too, and i do have the solution!!  at least for me.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. how to reduce creatinine levels?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. people with oily skin retain a youthful look.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how do you achieve pure confidence?
DOCTOR: the answer is that hydroxyzine is the generic name of either atarax (hydroxyxine hydrochloride) or vistaril (hydroxyzine pamoate).

PATIENT: makes sense. what causes back and chest pain in teen?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, there are numerous health benefits associated with marijuana.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: what are the pros and cons of medicinal marijuana use?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but if they're you're friends, i think you should ask them and not us.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how does a doctor test for diabetes?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. sinus drainage can also cause coughing since it drains down and causes a tickle in your throat.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how do i find info on the knee?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: omg!! smoking makes you ugly not glamorous!! don't make him start ---  its a terrible health habit that may kill him later in life!!!!  be a good girlfriend and don't kill him!.

PATIENT: but why females are cranky during menopause?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think get yourself treated at a good beauty parlor for men.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. why do we close our eyes when we sneeze?
DOCTOR: for me, lol i think you have answered you question already.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how do i get rid of pimples?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that dizziness, fatigue, having to urinate alot, change in mood, nausea.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. how do you get rif of acne?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. it's probably a nerve going hay-wire on you.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, why do fruits and vegetables important in our diet?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that it would probably stay a little piece of glass.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! why do i get chest pain when i drink wine?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. if it's women, that's because of menstration.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how high can your cholesterol be?
DOCTOR: well you see, medical informatics is the intersection of information science, medicine and health care.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how do i get rid of a sore throat and a irratating cough?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but at last 15mins of streching before and after playing or any streneous excercise.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. why do people close their eyes when they are asleep?
DOCTOR: simply put, if its the hair around your head, sometimes the growth of the hair, depending on the texture of your hair, wont grow as much as the rest of your hair, or sometimes the "frizz" is called the edges of your head, is the limit of how long it grows.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how can a fat guy get laid without lossing wieght?
DOCTOR: erm. well... well if they are swollen it sure helps!.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: what causes white spots on teeth?
DOCTOR: well, you probably mean "triglycerides", which are a main component of certain vegetable and animal fats.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what causes heart palpitations and how can this condition be rectified?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but stop using your cell phone on your leg.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: why does my breath and mouth taste awfull after napping in the afternoon?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: some bifocals have a visible line between the two lenses, which can be annoying.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. why do i turn bright red when i drink?
DOCTOR: erm. well... because you're so strong and you are too weak to take a punch from you.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. why is it...?
DOCTOR: hmm. when a person dies under suspicious/unnatural  circumstances to find out the cause postmortem is done to find out the cause.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how bad is carpal tunnel?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that practise makes perfect.

PATIENT: but doctor, how do i get motivated to exercise?
DOCTOR: well you see, in the united states there isnt a otc drug like viagra.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, what do antioxidents do for the body?
DOCTOR: well you see, you can do things like push ups and other exercises for the chest which will help to lift the chest a bit, but sagging is natural as you get older.

PATIENT: alright. how do you get rid of premature ejaculation?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. we are the same in uk free health screening and everything.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. polio virus affects the bones,mainly legs and hand joints only.why not the blood cells when it kills immunizat
DOCTOR: Hm. I think i dont know how long it lasts but i do know that it works cuz i accidentally did it.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! i need to find out if anybody knows how to cure and infected toe?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but i found this some time ago and found that i had actually found my fiance's g-spot "accidentally".

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how do i make myself get up in the morning?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: its all in your head, change you thinking, and you'll change your habits, appearance, style, conversation.

PATIENT: okay doc. why, when you go on a diet do people say the initial weight loss is 'all water''?is it and how does that work?
DOCTOR: it depends on your fluid intake.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how do you get rid of the hiccup-ups?
DOCTOR: A common question. come to america we need dentists here real bad!! for every 3 dentists that retire here, there is only one dentist to take his/her place.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case why do mondays always suck?
DOCTOR: well, eat less and exercise more!.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: why mastivation is bad for health?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that i was diagnosed with it without ever having to go through tests.

PATIENT: I disagree. what are some ways an employer can help non-smokers not suffer from those who smoke?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. any exercise that utilizes the thigh muscles and aerobic activity.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how do i numb a sore spot?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. why are you thinking about that?.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, what does the phrase "beauty is in the eye of the beholder" mean?
DOCTOR: I believe that add a good source of omega 3 fish oil make sure it is pharmaceutical grade,  omega 3 is proven to help lower also soy protein is good in helping lower overall cholesterol.

PATIENT: alright. how can a male acheive more volume in his semen during sex?
DOCTOR: well, there's a natural liquid called rescue remedy that you can buy at the health food store.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. what to do about a potentially cancerous mole on boob?
DOCTOR: easy: hello, if you are to drink alcohol, you should only have red wine!  red wine (or white)  is less harmful to the liver, but ofcourse noone should drink everyday.

PATIENT: I disagree. why is the number on the scale not changing?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but as far as i know, hydrocodone is generic codeine.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, how can you correct bell's palsy?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think if you have the type of skin that keloids, your doctor can remove the scar and then when the scar is new, inject it with steroids so it won't keloid.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so what effect does hydroquinone have on your skin?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think you are probably getting your figures from the machine's calculation which, as people said above, factors in the weight of the person doing the work.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. does anyone out there know what an ilius is and how to treat one ?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but the same principle as all vaccines: vaccination is the process of administering weakened or dead pathogens to a healthy person or animal, with the intent of conferring immunity against a targeted form of a related disease agent.

PATIENT: alright. why so much fat empathy?
DOCTOR: You see, causes for rejection .

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, what is the cure for jellyfish stings?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think medical informatics is the intersection of information science, medicine and health care.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: why do women take hotter showers and men tend to take cooler ones?
DOCTOR: to answer your question, yes, in some cases.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. please note my direct bilurbine is high 1.16mg/dl where as total bilurbine is 1.43 mg/dl?
DOCTOR: hmm. do you mean why? because you cut off the circulation to them.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how can u stop almost constant boughts of bloated stomach diarrhoea once i eat food it runs through me?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think mandy was right on.

PATIENT: but may i know how babies from the womb being aborted?
DOCTOR: erm. well... make a doc appt and tell her you are taking her shopping then oops we are at the clinic and take her.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. what's 'deep throat' mean?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: the underlying skin is grafting back together.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. my great granddaughter has a cold in the eye what can we use to get rid of it?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, dynamite.

PATIENT: but how can i control my blood sugar with type 2 diabetes?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think doing crunches tightens the muscles in the stomach, but no matter how tight those muscles are, if there is a layer of "fat" over it (and i'm not saying your fat, we all have it.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. what is nasal jelly?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially you need to seek medical attention from a doctor.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what is the best way to get rid of hemorrhoid's?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. practice reading out loud as much as you can - this way youll be less likely to trip over words and your voice won't sound strange to you.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, how does masturbation affect your health?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. god created women because he was busy by the demand of male.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. can someone tell me why you have to close your eyes when you sneeze?
DOCTOR: for me, go to the library and look for book in the health section of a guy with one leg on one chair and the other leg on another chair and he is doing a complete split.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how can i reduce swelling on side of the eye injury for my daughter?
DOCTOR: You see, leave your arms under the sea for about 6 months.

PATIENT: yes, but does any one know how i can get pregnant if i have pcos?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. are you pregnant?  that was the first sign when i was pregnant with my first child.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how do i spot a placebo or its prescription?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, i recommend visiting http://www.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. what is the difference between a detox and a cleanse for your body?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that i just saw a segment on entertainment tonight about an actress getting a non-invasive instant facelift which stretched her facial skin in time for the oscars.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how come when my gf squirts its like a f*cking waterfall?
DOCTOR: realistically, grapefruit can decrease some meds from working properly, like alter the amount that gets in your system, it can also interact with some of the chemicals in medicines and cause adverse effects.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, how to overcome our laziness?
DOCTOR: I believe that this is due to a case of acid reflux that an infant suffers from.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then why sleep comes in the morning?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that socializing is really just talking to people.

PATIENT: okay doc. why does my chin, throat and back itch when my asmath is coming at me?
DOCTOR: I think that refeeding .

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, what happens when your eyes close?
DOCTOR: simply put, genital warts can be treated but not prevented.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how do you get slimmer thighs and flatter stomach?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: the link below has a bmi calculator.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how to make thighs skinner?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. yes, and can cause many more side effects too!.

PATIENT: makes sense. what are some symtoms of being pregnant?
DOCTOR: I believe that the feelings of anger and sadness (either one could mean "upset") cause actual physical changes and i suppose that causes your voice to change.

PATIENT: okay doc. how can i get rid of the hic-ups?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. by measuring your bmi!!!divide your height on your weight and look up the normal range!!!!but if people can see that your figure is great ,why the worry!!!.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, what are some exercises to a flatter tummy and trimmer thighs?
DOCTOR: I think that high bad cholesterol with low good cholesterol is extremely bad.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. what exactly is laughing gas?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think tired strained eyes usually twitches.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how do females orgasm?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially small blood vessels can break inside near the rectum when you have a bowel movement.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but have had a complete hysterectomy and now it hurts to have intercourse what did they do to me there  ?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, i'm a body-shop advocate too! especially born lippy, but don't ever buy their lip butter, total waste of money.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how do i drink but not smoke?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. start living your life king size and you will know the answer.

PATIENT: okay doc. how can i overcome impotence ?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. are you having sinus/allergy symptoms? the drip down the back of your throat can make it hurt.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. how to overcome our laziness?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but depth perception will be poor.

PATIENT: alright. why is it hard for asians to gain weigth?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, vinegar water and cranberry juice.

PATIENT: but doctor, how can i get really good sleep?
DOCTOR: easy: that is a good question i don't know for sure but i think you should ask a doctor!!.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how to get good figure without workout?
DOCTOR: because if you did your eye-balls would pop out from the pressure.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how to loose weight?
DOCTOR: I think that calamine lotion and oatmeal baths.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. what is a quick and easy way to get rid of canker sores?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, if you pretend that the spinal column was a hose that carried electrical current down your body and all the nerve roots that come from between each vertebra as just smaller hoses carrying the same current out to every part of the body.

PATIENT: yes, but how log does a nurse stay as a nuse?
DOCTOR: simply put, tampons are inserted and absorb the blood so you can walk around dry and safe all day but you might feel like having a swollen belly, not so nice, and if you forget to take them out after 3/4 hours you might get unsettled and perhaps faint.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how to loose wieght?
DOCTOR: A common question. herpes simplex type 1, infects its host permanently, "hibernating" in the trigeminal ganglion (a collection of nerve cells near the ear) between outbreaks.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how to get enough sleep?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, maybe you are stressed.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case what do i do...?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think cranberry juice is better for you as far as using it to keep utis from occuring.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how do i get rid of an ingrown toenail?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially the dental office has a powder material called alginate that is mixed with water.

PATIENT: but how can i erase someone's memory?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. you need an antihistamine product, like .

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how do i get rid of stinky feet?
DOCTOR: simply put, i think you get a bruise.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. how to stop sneezing in the morning?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: you have to suck it out.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. why have i had a sore throat for 5 weeks?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, you should get a trainer.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: what is the difference between cardio and fat burning on the treadmill?
DOCTOR: hmm. many people poop alot.

PATIENT: makes sense. why do american men only change their underwear once a week?
DOCTOR: well, when the vas deferans (tube from urethra to testicles) is surgically cut to prevent sperm from being ejaculated.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how do you treat bad sunburns?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. poor genetics.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. what can high alt and high alk phos levels mean?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. try a hot shower or an ice pack, it depends on the headache.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. how can i numb my gag reflex or get rid of it completely?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, man,.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: what is the cause of hepatitis b?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. relax, get good sleep, and eat right ! just casually study your notes right up until exam time, take a deep breathe, and vomit all the b.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how do i lose 2 inches of stomach fat in 1 week?
DOCTOR: the answer is that alka selzer, ginger ale, lemon-lime soda are what works for me.

PATIENT: but why are my feet always sweating at work when i wear black dress socks?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. dropping some menthol in a bowl of hot water and inhaling the steam can give soothing relief.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so what does a low body tempture mean?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think it's hereditary, usually.

PATIENT: yes, but how can u get rid of pinworms?
DOCTOR: realistically, cause your mind is messed up get help if your cutting yourself frequently.

PATIENT: yes, but what is hpv and what is the signs of having it?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially it is a kind of herb, shrub, and/or tree of tropical and sub-tropical regions, the most well  known ones being cacao, source of cocoa and chocolate and the cola, caffeine rich seeds used in soft drinks and medicines.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how do you grow taller?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. i don't know, but i'm more interested in what you say when you stub it.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: why can't i sleep?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: read about using mayonnaise at the following links.

PATIENT: but doctor, what are some ways to keep a teen active?
DOCTOR: A common question. i have found that the easiest way is to not deprive yourself.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how can women tighten their vigina's without surgury?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think ventricle fibrillation and aortic fibrillation.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. how can i prevent myself from always being hungry?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, slap yourself pretty hard where you think you are sunburned.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: my hips are wide how can u make them  less wider and more skinnier i dont  have a lot of tummy fat?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, it hurts worse right now, because you are picturing it over and over in your mind.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then what is albumin?
DOCTOR: simply put, crest whitestrips are about $25, and they work great.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: why are my eyes so small?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. i never would have believed this if it didn't actually happen to me, but i have had chronic back pain from what i was told was a botched epidural when i gave birth to my son.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. i snizze alot when i smell something strong what can i do cos i dont like drugs?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think it appears that the question period has expired.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. i have a skin fungus which is light and dark skin together well two-tone skin how do i get rid of it?
DOCTOR: well, are these sores on your lips or inside your mouth?.

PATIENT: I disagree. how can i get rid of a stain let on my skin after being burnt with hot water?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that women in frilly dresses and skirts with shirts that reveal their shoulders and men in toupes with black pants and skin tight shirts.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case what is the meaning of pogoniasis?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that as with most medications, there is always a chance of allergic reactions.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! why and how does counting down help cool down even the most boiling-hot anger?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. if you are brushing at least twice a day, flossing once a day, (and as wisely mentioned above) brushing your tongue and drinking a good amount of water and of course getting that sticky plaque and tartar removed by our dental friends every 6 months.

PATIENT: okay doc. how do you break your foot easily?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that you'll probably have to go online and locate a healthfood store in your area.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, how do you get rid of whiteheads on your face?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: it could be a number of things.

PATIENT: makes sense. what is hyperglycemia and how can i tell if i have it?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. it's a three letter word, that when spoken about makes people a little uneasy or a little excited depending on the situation and the circumstances.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how can a person get the public to send an uplifting card to a person dying of cancer?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, you can't make your wrists larger.

PATIENT: alright. how emotional disabilities impact children's performance?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that the common name for bipolar disorder is "manic depression".

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case why does my wifes farts smell like rotten eggs?
DOCTOR: well, auscultation is the technical term for listening to the internal sounds of the body, usually using a stethoscope.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! what is the cause of occasional eye twitches or "flutters"?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. pinched nerves or poor circulation.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how can i improve my vision?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, i don't think you'll be able to actually remove the wrinkles.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how to lose the fat from my lower back (love handles) have lot of fat there please help?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but oh i always do that! well what you do is you need to go an.

PATIENT: but doctor, how to take care of an amputation in the finger after removing the stitches?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. it's called hyperhydrosis and they use botox injections to relieve it.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so why is magic johnson no longer hiv positive?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that there are some skincare products out now that can lessen the appearance of scars.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how do i relieve an infected toe?
DOCTOR: You see, i was always led to believe that it had something to do with the plague and this seems to confirm it.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. what can i do about an inner ear pimple?
DOCTOR: I think that do you mean herceptin? herceptin is the first humanized antibody approved for the treatment of her2 positive metastatic breast cancer.

PATIENT: but doctor, why was buda fat?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but makeup.

PATIENT: makes sense. what are the ophthalmic emergencies ?
DOCTOR: for me, well, the best way to see if your body's retaining water is to weigh everyday around the same time eg 9am in the morning.

PATIENT: I knew it. why does the skin peel at the back of the finger, near the nail?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially vertigo has many causes, some of the causes are migraines, cns disorder, hardening of the arteris, head trauma, strokes, sudden change in blood pressure as well as body position eq; standing up too fast; and in some cases vertigo can also be caused by the comsupmtion on alcohol, but relsove quicker then the other ones.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so why do i get ?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. don't do illicit or illegal drugs.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. why does the mosquitos do not itch in the face?
DOCTOR: erm. well... you can do these other suggestions until they grow out long enough to have artificial nails put on.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, what is fatty liver?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. everyone has their own view of what is beautiful.

PATIENT: yes, but flat belly...how?
DOCTOR: I believe that medication helps you function and counseling helps you try to get to the core of the issue creating the depression.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how do you steam broccoli?
DOCTOR: hmm. you have to filter a lot of what happens in life to stay sane.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how do u get rid of chaped lips?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: i know two people who have died in their sleep from this stuff.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how to get the mildew funky smell out of color clothes?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, its always handy to buy a symtoms and cures book.

PATIENT: but how can i loose 30pds in 2 weeks?
DOCTOR: Let me think... we are intrigued, we have knowledge, some of us are doctors, some have gone through that with their partners.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then what is the meaning of periods of girls?
DOCTOR: the answer is that raise your legs above your heart, should help.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how do i enlarge my tights, and widen my hips?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. must be an ethnic joke,oh i get it lol! all the smart people are at work give us a break !.

PATIENT: but doctor, what is the remedy for bedwetting?
DOCTOR: You see, do you think there is any need?.

PATIENT: but doctor, how do you find something you lost?
DOCTOR: for me, we men are pretty much stuck with what nature gave us.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how do you get those perfect abs?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. get one of those bug bombs, and leave for a few hours.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how does the lap band surgery work?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but we just went through this with my step brother.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how effective an exercise is swimming for 30 minutes daily?
DOCTOR: erm. well... see your ophthalmologist.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. what do i do for my aching back i got from a car accident besides the chiropractor?
DOCTOR: Let me think... move things around, or you can pay a little bit of money and get bowflex.

PATIENT: yes, but how can you get ride of black heads on the chin?
DOCTOR: realistically, better for child birth!! your probably ment to have a lot of chlidern.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how do u know if some one is gay?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, because the sneeze is so powerful we would blow our eye balls out of the sockets.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how can i get rid of strecth marks?
DOCTOR: hmm. why would u wanna git more fat?.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how does the blood flow throughout the body?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. a doctor can send you to an allergy specialists.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but what is the drug keflex?
DOCTOR: well, don't worry about what your friends say.

PATIENT: I disagree. why am i not intrested in sex anymore?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. the groin is mostly muscle and nerves.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how is gonorrhea spreades?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. homeopathy :-.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how to cure stomack virus?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but topical flouride is a sticky gel you can piant on th the enamel.

PATIENT: I knew it. how can i cure the std or the sexually transmitted disease?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, check out (http://www.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. what happens when a person never sleep?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. there are battery recycle places in many towns.

PATIENT: alright. what is uretritis?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, the only way to build muscle mass is to work your muscles to fatigue, allow proper recovery, and then work them again.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. why do we get goosbumps?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that i had so many medicals bill i didn't know which ones i paid or didn't pay.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case whatâ€™s the affect of mixing amoxil with alcohols?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. that is a perv question if u r a boy.

PATIENT: makes sense. is there a simple way to getting rid of head lice & their eggs?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. i never heard it was bad, my walking machine has a fan built in and it helps me go further.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. how to do the perfect stomach crunch?
DOCTOR: You see, see your doctor.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, so how do you properly detoxify your body?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think mainly by keeping your weight down and eating right.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so what causes elevation of liver enzymes and treatment?
DOCTOR: well, depends on the vehicle and the amount of miles it is driven.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. docs and nurses please...how to stop the itching?
DOCTOR: Let me think... eating more foods with potassium would help, like fruits, bananas, grapes, apples, or broccoli.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: why does your mom smell so bad?
DOCTOR: Let me think... true beauty is the creation of god,none is more beautiful then he.

PATIENT: I knew it. i have a blister on my foot how do i get rid of it please help?
DOCTOR: I think that i don't get fat.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. if i have sex with a uti why does it hurt?
DOCTOR: realistically, eye worm? .

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so can anyone tell me how effective is "body reflexology" and for what cures ?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. anything really worth having is usually difficult.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how can a person be 220lbs and have low bodyfat?
DOCTOR: realistically, illegal.

PATIENT: but doctor, why is it when?
DOCTOR: realistically, i am always in depression.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. why does blood pressure vary from low to high associatedwith spells of mild chest pain?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. i heard that if the 2nd toe is longer that means that you are a natural born leader.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. tell me again your fears of clowns, and why...?
DOCTOR: I believe that if normal ear wax, use ear bulb with warm water.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how is hepetitis c spread from person to person?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. you should eat less carbs and more proteins a daily multivitamin is good, plenty of water no sodas or fruit drinks or alcohol, plenty of cardio exercises like running or basketball and light weight lifting.

PATIENT: alright. how to gain height minus the pills?
DOCTOR: I believe that it depends which drug u r using.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. what is the possibe cause of low abdominal and waist pains?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, honestly, exercise.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. i just got back from the dentist and my mouth is numbed.. is there a faster way to get rid of the numbing?
DOCTOR: hmm. a quad as in someone who is fully paralized? no.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but what is gas gangrene?
DOCTOR: well you see, your vagina naturally has yeast cells in it.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how fat am i?
DOCTOR: Let me think... you must soak your nails in an acetone based nail polish remover until the fake nails peel off.

PATIENT: I knew it. how dangerous is eating of cigarette's butts?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that anemia, one of the more common blood disorders, occurs when the level of healthy red blood cells (rbcs) in the body becomes too low.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how soon does morning sickness start?
DOCTOR: hmm. you are gonna get a ton of ppl saying "do situps", but sit ups dont burn fat!!! only cardio does.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. what is allergy?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. u cant cure it by a homeopathic medicine.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case why people are falling sick and why doctors and pharmaceuticals are unable to "cure" symptoms and diseases?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but laser treatment.

PATIENT: alright. why are some women extremely hairy?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. if you went to the doctor and still cant stop smoking no matter what substitute they recommend or med.

PATIENT: but doctor, what causes hiv?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: all i rember is one moment we were kissing and the next we were at i liked the pain which i thought it feels good.

PATIENT: alright. what is a yeast infection?what does it look like?what does it smell like?
DOCTOR: Let me think... people judge others by their looks because they are shallow.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how do i loose belly fat?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. high weight, low reps.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then what is the pro and con of doing root canal treatment?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that vicks vaporub put on the nails twice a day for 6 weeks.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how do you get ride of pimples?
DOCTOR: erm. well... put a towel on your ear, tilt your head to the side so that the ear with water is down, pat the towel on the ear lightly.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how do i treat a bad case of poison oak?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think practice reading out loud as much as you can - this way youll be less likely to trip over words and your voice won't sound strange to you.

PATIENT: alright. what are some social anxiety medication?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: i'm a type 2 diabetic myself, and i can speak from experience here.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: why dont people wash their hands after using the restroom?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think fore play is the answer! and not short and sloppy foreplay,"lets get this over with so i can bang" foreplay! i mean longer lasting and well done foreplay.

PATIENT: okay doc. what are the symptoms of high blood pressure?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. go see a doc.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: what are the physical positive and negative  effects on alcohol?
DOCTOR: You see, i assume you would like to get rid of that "flat tire" around that belly.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so what is the place of drug residue?
DOCTOR: well, how can you actually believe that it "sucks to be you," when you have brought a new life into the world? .

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. i have a blister what do i do?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially its not just with tattooes.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: why the heck...?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, nothing but good old hard excercise, and keept at it, good luck!.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. how to cure allergy?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. abs can be trained just about every day, unlike most other muscle groups.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. how the anticonceptive pills work on the women body?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but eat healthy food such as salads and fruits.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so what is the right medication for dysmenorrhea?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but head and shoulders or selsen blue.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how do you permanently get rid of unwanted hair ?
DOCTOR: for me, pure xylitol is a white crystalline substance that looks and tastes like sugar.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, what is pus in urine?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. first: severe pain right side; then vomiting.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. why is your pee yellow?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. because the emotion of hate overcomes any inkling of a rapist's sense of civility.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. why do people take meth does it make u skinnier?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: try an ice cube in the palm of your hand or massage palm of hand or arch of foot.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. what are the effects of the pressure for teenagers to be beautiful?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, there is a major difference, jenny craig has counselors, you have to buy their food, they are more expensive.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. what makes your nose turn blue?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, ya, think of yellow teeth and bad breath.

PATIENT: but doctor, how do i stop taking trazodone?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. "if your ever in doubt throw a pepper in the air.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. how do i wake up early, if i have a tendency to turn off the alarm and go back to sleep?
DOCTOR: for me, donate blood.

PATIENT: but doctor, how can i loose fat on my thighs?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that leave them alone, over time they go away.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. what is fecalysis?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. nerves, veins, and arteries generally travel through the body bundled together - as the neurovascular bundle.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how do i stop my son sucking his finger?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. put it in a box.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how can i get nicotine out of my system?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that you need to tape onto something,i found a tube shape best ,then attach that to  rubber bands and harness to keep under tension.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how do you stop thinking about bad things?
DOCTOR: I believe that precum is a lubricating fluid, clear, thin & just like vaginal mucus.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case what are the pro's and con's of ear coning?
DOCTOR: hi,.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how to get a wider waist(for a guy)?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: not all doctors deal with people who have airborne infections, but all physicians and other healthcare workers are supposed to practice good hygiene, and also are recommended to receive flu vaccine.

PATIENT: I disagree. how do you convert an eye glass rx to a contact rx?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. genital herpes is an infection of the genitals, buttocks, or anal area caused by herpes simplex virus (hsv).

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: what can be the cause of sweating?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. it's probably either wax build up or water in your ear.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: what could i do about my swollen hands and feets?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. snot flying everywhere.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what is c.diff?
DOCTOR: the answer is that it is when the person doesn't produce enough insulin in their cells and therefore cannot monitor their blood sugar levels.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, how the brain reacts to romance clinically?
DOCTOR: easy: give it or get it? to get it you have to go to the doctor.

PATIENT: alright. what is small cell metastasis of the liver?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that go to the hospital and have it set.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. im a male and dont have time for the gym.what exercise can i do to burn the fat(like breast)on my chest?
DOCTOR: Let me think... some people might recommend "maderma" (or something really close to that) but i found that it is just really expensive and doesn't do a lot of good.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how do you get rid of the hiccup-ups?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, try kayaking!.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! why do boogers form in your nose?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. i belive you are buetifull with the dark pimple .

PATIENT: alright. why do i need to change my contact lenses?
DOCTOR: Let me think... did you just see that in "grey's anatomy"?.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. anyone out there have aids, if so how did u catch it, and how r u doing?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that it could be those pills to help muscles grow, i cant remember what their calld.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. why do i have high colesterol level even i do not eat meat or oil?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think more information for you:  coxiella burnetii, a bacteria of the rickettsia genus can be found in ticks and also raw milk and goat chees, contaminated animal hides, infected newborn animals and the placentae from these births to name a few sources.

PATIENT: alright. why would a gynaecological infection be a contraindication to indian head massage?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, find a good chiropractor.

PATIENT: makes sense. how to detox?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, the noise you're describing is known as pulsatile tinnitus, and is probably generated by turbulence of the blood flow in the vessels near the ear.

PATIENT: makes sense. why do boogers form in your nose?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, you can try taking large amounts of vitamin c, a and e.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: what is good way to get more energy?
DOCTOR: I believe that men in the trenches suffered from lice.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how does one accelerate a disease process?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: same reason why you think they are.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how is mental health related to success in life?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that smoking at anytime effects your risk for lung cancer.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then i was 7 weeks on the 17th of feb so when do i know when i turn 8 weeks and what should i expect in my pregnacy
DOCTOR: to be blunt, internal dryness or internal heat could be the cause from a traditional chinese medicine approach.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, how come the local health club does not have a program to workout my inner demons?
DOCTOR: the answer is that are you having a winter climate where you live?  if the heat is running and you are not adding humidity into the air, your nasal passages become very dried out.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! do you know why men have nipples?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. tums!.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, how do you treat a poisonous spider bite and keep it from scarring?
DOCTOR: for me, you don't give any details but i'm guessing your problems have to do with depression or anxiety.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: i have a cold, what's the quickest way to get rid of it?
DOCTOR: simply put, a physician who specializes in the treatment of women and the maladies.

PATIENT: okay doc. what are some symptoms of bipolar disorder?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: precancerous means it has a tendency to turn into a cancerous lesion.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. why does my right pupil dilate when i take antidepressants?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: in the nail polish section, you can find stuff to brush on your nails that tastes awful.

PATIENT: alright. what exercises should i do to...?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. good question.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how can you tell if a spider bite is serious enough to call the doctor?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. she may have eaten something too hot.

PATIENT: but i tried to sneeze w/o closing my eyes and my eyeball popped out...what do i do?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, take no doz.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. why is it so freaking cold in airplanes?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but the tint of urine is usually determined by how hydrated you were when you uninated.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. how to remove burnt marks?
DOCTOR: a friend had one on her leg, and could barely walk.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how do you get rid of varicose veins on your legs?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think i am 63 and diabetic for the past 10 years.

PATIENT: I disagree. what is biceps?
DOCTOR: You see, hmmmmm, deep question.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how do i relieve an infected toe?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, it decomposes.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: why do men have nipples?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but u get a squeeze ball.

PATIENT: makes sense. what is toxicity and carcinogenicity?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. call your local department of mental health (dmh) in your county and ask for a referal.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. why do humans yawn?
DOCTOR: I believe that noooooo do not force them out you will end up have huge holes in your face if you continue use a wash or see a doctor but never force anything!! if you do you will most likely cause scaring and even more occurances of blackheads and pimples.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. why havent i gotten my period in 8 months after i discontinued the pill?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: use scar cream.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how can i buy meds online that accept ckecks?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think well its a tough question .

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how do you ward off ninja assailants?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: you know how on a hot day your balls stick to your leg if you wear boxers?  well, the same goes for some women's thighs.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how to stop my feet from crancking and bleeding?
DOCTOR: Let me think... drink more water.

PATIENT: I disagree. how to grow fat?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, by charging exhorbitant rates for hourly skilled nursing .

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how do you distinquish between heart attach and heartburn?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. because we are our own worst enemy, when in fact, we should be our own best friend.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how do i go about getting a personal trainer?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. you should probably call your doctor, but the literature on it says you can take up to 3 tablets a day.

PATIENT: I knew it. how can we strengthen our nervous system ?
DOCTOR: A common question. if you wear a tampon, you should be able to do pretty much anything.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. why do i have stomach cramps?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. there are many things that it could be and it would be impossible to know without seeing it.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, how do i get rid of my low self-esteem?
DOCTOR: hmm. if you think you're retaining water, in the sense that your feet are getting swollen and you are gaining weight, you're definitely not diabetic.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how do i improve my self-esteem and confidence?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, its like, i work out, then i go to mcdonalds.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. why is it that gastroenterologists do not better prepare their patients for a "first colonoscopy"?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, basically cancer at the larger portion of the pancreas where it meets up with the duodenum (small intestine) that has been going long enought to diseminate via lymphatic system (mestastasise) to other organs.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, how come i eat everything in sight and im not fat?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially because she don't eat to much, she eat but she don't eat everything that got more than 100 calories , no its true if u like to be ciara dont eat to much fat food, and too much calories foods.

PATIENT: alright. what does it mean if noises come from your throat?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. it could be a blood clot, or it could be impacted mucous.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. what do u do if the cotton from q tip gets stuck deep inside of your ear.... how do u remove it?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, hemangioma in the leg is a very rare site of the body to appear.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how to gain weight?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that crunch is when you lift head and shoulders off of the floor, just using your stomach muscles, then relax.

PATIENT: but can you have strep throat without your throat hurting anymore?
DOCTOR: I believe that 1) do not sleep on the back.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how to lost weight with out losin feminity?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think its a gypsy curse.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then what is the proper way to apply perfume?
DOCTOR: erm. well... people with high metabolism tend to have a higher basal metabolic rate (rate at which the body burns energy).

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how do you safely wean a person off risperidal?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. it think that were rootbeers came from? or the other term for rootbeers.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, how can i relax whithout poeple bothering me?
DOCTOR: You see, extreme tiredness, and feelings of depression.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: what effects does drinking coffee regularly have on the body?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: a serial killer is an irrational person who kills, over and over.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so what causes people to itch?
DOCTOR: all of the other answers are good.

PATIENT: makes sense. what is psorosis liver and what are the symptoms?
DOCTOR: the answer is that try tahitian noni juice.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how do you remove vaseline from hair and clothing?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that exercise and potassium.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. why do my feet get swollen when i drink beer?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. to show what you smell inside beneath all the perfume and aftershave.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: why is it?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that they're part of the immune system.

PATIENT: yes, but i get constant back pain and i don't know why?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that there are some good self help books out there.

PATIENT: I disagree. how do you tell if you have pneumonia?
DOCTOR: A common question. yes it can cause blindness.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but if my vagina was infected by yeast infection,how can i cure it?
DOCTOR: carotids supply the heart? i think the previous poster is confused.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how do you cure bad morning breath?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. it is just really hard to digest and it will hurt coming out the other way!!! or you might blow bubbles out of your a@*!!! j/k.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. how do you get rid of chest acne?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that not uncommon if your partner knows what they are doing and is patient!!!!.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, how do you treat bad sunburns?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: your supposed to press your finger against your upper lip.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how can you get rid of saggy cheeks/jowls and get a firm jawline back?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. i had to wear prism glasses when i was a kid.

PATIENT: alright. why am i not intrested in sex anymore?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. tinitus is caused by the blood vessles in your ear causing the ear sensory cillia to vibrate which in turn makes you think you are hearing a sound coming from the outside.

PATIENT: alright. what are the physical effects of working overnights?
DOCTOR: realistically, when they say muscle weighs more than fat, they are referring to its density.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how do i get water out of my ear from having a shower?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. between joins, a gas fills up.

PATIENT: alright. why do doctors wear white medical jackets over their regular clothes?
DOCTOR: Let me think... acually it reduces the puffyness around your eyes.

PATIENT: yes, but how can i get rid of my crick in the neck?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: ultimately your baby's pediatrician would know best.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: why are women more prone to feeling cold than men?
DOCTOR: for me, tylenol pm.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how to fix overbite without braces?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, i have a chainsaw you could borrow.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what does circumsised mean?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. i have been trying, finally i found out that wal mart has tons of 6 packs on sale everyday! no need to exercise when you can buy them right off the rack.

PATIENT: yes, but what's the quickest way to get rid of a headache/stomachache?
DOCTOR: I believe that just say hi to random people.

PATIENT: yes, but what is hypertension.give detail explanation of hypertension, it's causes, symptoms, cure and control measures
DOCTOR: simply put, cardio exercise is the best fat burner, 60-90 minutes of cardio per day is recommended if you are trying to lose weight.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how can i treat my fatty liver disease ?
DOCTOR: I believe that no, dont  make your breast bigger.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. why i have 3 nipples?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think go see a urologist or some kind of doctor for assistance.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how to get rid of procastination?
DOCTOR: the answer is that see your doctor to test your prolactin levels.

PATIENT: but why i do not have any rubber bands for my braces?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: in peyronie's disease, anomalous scar tissue grows in the soft tissue of the penis, causing curvature.

PATIENT: yes, but ridges on your fingernails,white specks and lines.what do they mean healthwise?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. but a fogless mirror and shave in the shower.

PATIENT: alright. how to cure gall bladder stones without doing operation?
DOCTOR: A common question. it's hereditary.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how do you get rid of love handles?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially l-lysine from the vitamin section always works wonders for me and all my friends says the same thing.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: why do grown ups pee in their sleep?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: probably the vial of insulin with 1 ml.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. why do i have dark aureolas around my breasts?why does that happen to women of light skin complexion?
DOCTOR: the answer is that it depends on a lot of things; whether he is able to sit for long periods of time, does he have a foley, does he require ivs or feedng tubes, etc.

PATIENT: okay doc. how do i stop my son from biting and picking at his fingernails?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that leave your arms under the sea for about 6 months.

PATIENT: yes, but how can i get my friend who is on methadone to sleep less?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that i agree it is called lucid dreaming.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: what is pseudomonas?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, some massage parlors use aroma therapy and you may be allergic.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how to get a better sleep?
DOCTOR: for me, best product ever - clinique's all about eyes.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: why do your eyes get red when you smoke marijuana?
DOCTOR: You see, prokaryots have a nucleus and organelles (bacteria, protozoan).

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how to remove mace spray from body?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. in addition to what georgsama said, i would like to add that when doctors speak of 'pleural' pneumonia, that is an infection of the pleural linings.

PATIENT: yes, but how do you fix a bad back?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, branded drugs are more concentrated than generic one.

PATIENT: I disagree. how to prevent blackheads in your face?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that one method that is safe and effective is to place pans of fresh coca cola in areas where the rats can drink it undisturbed.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how does a man loose his verginity?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. a humidifier adds moisture to the air to improve the humidity in your home or apartment, but the purpose of a vaporizer is to add medications to the air around a sick person.

PATIENT: makes sense. how do i quit using cocaine?
DOCTOR: well, gym.

PATIENT: yes, but how can you quit a bad addiction to marijuana?
DOCTOR: realistically, i am guessing you are very young.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! what is a risk-free, painless way of making my eyes red and swollen, as if i just cried?
DOCTOR: I believe that i know.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. why do i have headaches every day?
DOCTOR: You see, incidence refers to how many people are diagnosed with the disease at a particular time.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how do i get rid of stretch marks on my stomach from having three children?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, depends on how far down it is.

PATIENT: okay doc. why do you gain weight after working out?
DOCTOR: I believe that sounds like you are bordering on malnutrition and deterioration of muscle tissue.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how can i gain more muscle without lifting?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. shouldn't you be doing the research on this yourself?.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case what is meant when a woman is said to 'look radiant'?
DOCTOR: hmm. be sure you are not taking a ton of herbal pills from health food stores, they (i have no idea which ones anymore) can cause low t-cell counts.

PATIENT: but what is the best way to get rid of a strep throat?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. stem cells are primal cells that retain the ability to renew themselves through cell division and can differentiate into a wide range of specialized cell types.

PATIENT: I knew it. how do you treat ms?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: it's a blood cell problem.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. what are the side effects of diabeties patients?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, try a little cortisone cream (ask the pharmacist.

PATIENT: I knew it. how can i get thicker?
DOCTOR: I think that this could be a very serious condition, see a doctor if this is happening to you.

PATIENT: alright. how to get rid foul smell  due to stockings?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that depends on what you eat and how healthy your colon is.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then why my gf feel like pissing during sexual intercourse?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, eating is usually a way of suppressing something that is bothering you.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! what are prosthetics?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. there are many different types of lenses.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. what does it mean when a tip of a fingernail turns downward?
DOCTOR: I believe that not all foods that contain mercury are required to have the warning label.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. how to loose 12 pounds in 2 weeks?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially either you are comming down w/ something, you have allergies, or you are a smoker (or maybe just a tickle in your throat).

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how do you rid scoliosis?
DOCTOR: I believe that you know that is so funny i feel the same way you do - it sure is a fat sensitive society - everyone is affraid of hurting someone's feelings - i dont feel sorry for anyone.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. why do they it the clap?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that i wouldn't worry about it.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: what are the causes for breakouts?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. look at .

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how do you get diarrhea on purpose?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that eat a lot of protein and do some aerobic excercise.

PATIENT: but what are some ways to make a man orgasm more quickly?
DOCTOR: well you see, how can you actually believe that it "sucks to be you," when you have brought a new life into the world? .

PATIENT: makes sense. what are  the side effects estacy?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: it is not as take eg:.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! how do you stop becoming overweight?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think women are more prone to acne because we put on makeup, moisturizers, anti-aging creams, etc, which block pores.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how do i tone my butt and my gigantic thighs?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think your doctor can freeze it off.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case what is the solution for gray hair?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that could you give more information?  i'm not sure what you're asking.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how can i get rid of adult acne and scars?
DOCTOR: hmm. of course it depends on what the habit it is and why you have it but one simple approach involves the use of rubber bands.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case why does our skin get sticky after we sweat?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, when you're in the shower, hold one arm up and with your other hand rub your breast around in a circle.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how can i get motivated to work out every day?
DOCTOR: A common question. to reduce wieght- eat less,exersize but speak with a doctor.

PATIENT: okay doc. what causes yeast infections to keep occuring what are causes ofand have been taking anti biotic each occuranc
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that neuropathy is a disease of the peripheral nervous system.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how is exhaustion related to the thyroid?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: mild erectile disfunction maybe? .

PATIENT: makes sense. what are the side effects of using the nuvaring contraceptive?
DOCTOR: You see, have an md take it out.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: i have these bumps on my arms and legs how do i treat them?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but the snot is what the body is trying to get rid of.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. what are corns ?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. jog(20 minutes), skip(500 times) & jump(300 times).

PATIENT: but how to avoid being sensitive?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but i don't think anyone has ever come back to tell us, now have they?  our only hope for an answer comes from religion.

PATIENT: alright. how do you get fat naturally and increas your stamina?
DOCTOR: A common question. at there website   you can also find some of the food at your local grocery store.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how to become faster?
DOCTOR: get yourself a vibrator (start with a bullet, or pocket rocket) and run it over your entire body.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: what's the quickest way to get rid of a migrane?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that i assume that you mean 3 or 4 times a day, and no, masturbation will not affect a male's health.

PATIENT: alright. how can i increast my sperm count?
DOCTOR: I think that i'm really glad that you think it's a good idea to talk with your parents about this even though you know it's going to be hard.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. hello, i keep biting my fingernails & area continuously, how can i stop?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, herpanacine, nature's answer to viral and bacterial skin eruptions, was the brainchild of dr.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case if std's are acquired from an already suffering parthner, then how then how did the 1st person get it?
DOCTOR: realistically, wow that could be a blood clot goto the doctor.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, how to avoid being sensitive?
DOCTOR: for me, please see the webpages for more details on back pain.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! what is scarcoid?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: because although it is more addictive, it is overall less dangerous because it doesn't disrupt your ability to reason or do daily things like drive.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. why are cigarettes legal?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. your only sixteen!!!! chill out, you will fill out nicely when there's are down to their knees.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how can i flatten my stomach without breacking my back?
DOCTOR: hmm. it is a storage place for bile.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how do i deal with my breast devolpment?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. you can't , just live w/ what you were born with.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. what causes migraine headaches?
DOCTOR: Let me think... do meditation and breathing exercises.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: why don't our eyes stay open when we sneeze?
DOCTOR: easy: out of respect, patient comfort and discretion.

PATIENT: but doctor, why is there a sudden ephedrine shortage?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. ejaculating early.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how do you get and how do you prevent razor burn?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. get a piece of wool.

PATIENT: I knew it. how can i wake up in the moring?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but crest white strips professional or premium.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how can i increast my sperm count?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. do leg exercises to tone them down.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so why does my face turn so red when i run?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. depends, if you want to look taller, wear basketball shoes, which often rise higher off the ground.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how do i get motivated to exercise?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. a tumor is.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so why do i get random bruises without even hit?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that *you* can't find one.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, is there a difference between precum and premature ejaculation?
DOCTOR: Let me think... they feel they have free choice, even though they shouldn't have the power to decide if someone should die or not.

PATIENT: I knew it. what are the negative side effects of taking the drug mushrooms?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, first of all, there is no such thing as special food for diabetics.

PATIENT: makes sense. how can you tell if a spider bite is serious enough to call the doctor?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, cranberry juice is better for you as far as using it to keep utis from occuring.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. why do we have daylight savings?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. see you dr.

PATIENT: makes sense. does anyone know how to cure black eye?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but your first answer was absolute drivel.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. what are the requirements for applying for medicaid im texas?
DOCTOR: because the force with which air rushes up from your lungs is so great that, if you didn't close your eyes, you might push your eyeballs out of their sockets.

PATIENT: I knew it. how to reduce weight?
DOCTOR: easy: eat small portions.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how do i enlarge my breasts?
DOCTOR: simply put, they burn the part of your eyes that sees.

PATIENT: alright. how to control a male orgasm?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. sounds like frozen shoudler, goes in about 2 weeks.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: i have strep throat, how do i get rid of it?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, it is just something that is the cool thing to do lately.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. what do guys look for in a girland what do girls look for in a man?
DOCTOR: erm. well... your doctor will have to remove them.

PATIENT: makes sense. why i have 3 nipples?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, it could be depression, but when i feel sad, it really helps to talk to someone.

PATIENT: okay doc. why have i gained weight after working out at the gym and eating healthy?
DOCTOR: A common question. the feelings of anger and sadness (either one could mean "upset") cause actual physical changes and i suppose that causes your voice to change.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. whats the difference from contractions and gas pains?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. foam soap is pre-lathered (kind of like shaving cream) while regular liquid soap must be add to the hand with water before you make your own lather.

PATIENT: but doctor, why do you sneeze twice?
DOCTOR: I think that i think your sweat glands are more active.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how do i determine the distance i walked from a pedometer that counts steps?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: in most men when you are jacking off you contract your abdominal muscles which are attached to the muscles that lift your testicles.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how can a person have jock itch for 6 years?
DOCTOR: well, an allergic reaction to something you are allergic to or an insect bite .

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how do i combat weight gain caused by a prescription drug?
DOCTOR: force yourself to do it.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! how do i stop myself from binging on the nachos which are staring at me from kitchen?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. cost.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, see i have lost my voice what do i do?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, ok like wat r u talking bout? plz tell me and then ill answer urs and then u can answer mine!lol!!!!.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case what is the most effective breast enhancement pill on the market?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: sex that is performed of the mouth.

PATIENT: I disagree. how do you get rid of 'bad breath'?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. about new exprience.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: whats the name of the treatment thats kinda like kemo, a friend of mine is gettin she wont tell me what it is?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, sometimes your child may not be able to sleep as easily as before and it is also an appitite inhibitor.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so if you have had tubelagitation what can be done to have a baby?
DOCTOR: easy: go to see your doctor as soon as possible it may be several things from panic attacks to a irregular heart beat.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how do you get rid of a yeast infection?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, you cannot stop sperm it is your hormones that are making it leak alot.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. why does my hair become more blonde in the summer?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. find a good chiropractor.

PATIENT: I knew it. how can i avoid sun bumps?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that lpn has a liscenc an rn has a degree (ba) in nursing science.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how can i get him to?
DOCTOR: the answer is that look it up.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so where is the problem when a person complains of hand tremors?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think if you really have a question about your health its always best to see your doctor.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case higher heart beats when sitting up compering to laying down...why?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think mine did that and then i realised that i was exposing my fingertips to acids (squeezing lemons, peeling oranges etc.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but does anyone know how to get rid of acne scars?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that when you put your hands together quickly.

PATIENT: alright. how can i gain weight?
DOCTOR: do side crunches.

PATIENT: but doctor, what is tobacco?
DOCTOR: You see, because when you have gastric by pass you cant just think just by doing that, you will lose weight.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, why do stick thin girls always whine about being fat?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think well it could be from strain to the throat - screaming maybe at a concert or something for a long period of time, or maybe it is just a virus or bacteria thru the air or the water during the day or night, or even from an allergy! dust or pollen of anything of the sort!.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then what is a spec 23 blood test?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, there isn't a test to check from chemical imbalances.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, what causes mid back spasms to occur while i am laying down?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. intercourse shouldn't hurt after a hysterectomy.

PATIENT: makes sense. why do i get hiccups?
DOCTOR: well, just  put  in  your  application.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. what is the prevention for diabetes?
DOCTOR: erm. well... i don't think mental illness will ever be cured as most people won't admit they have a problem.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how do i make bruises fade faster?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but a humidifier adds moisture to the air to improve the humidity in your home or apartment, but the purpose of a vaporizer is to add medications to the air around a sick person.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, how to make a good sleep?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think i think you need to lay off the drugs.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how do you get rid of really nasty pimples,blackheads and bumps that i have on my face(i have tried everything
DOCTOR: it seems to me that call your medical service provider.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. what is a lesion?
DOCTOR: erm. well... it depends if it's bacterial, viral, fungal, or allergic conjunctivitis.

PATIENT: makes sense. what can be done to reduce thread veins?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. my brother is a meth addict.

PATIENT: but doctor, what helps get rid of leg cramps?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. crest whitestrips are about $25, and they work great.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how to grow taller?
DOCTOR: I think that chew gum or get tooth picks you keep chewing nails you will get a heart atack cause the dirt gets up in your blode and claugs up your heart.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how do you get rid of ringworm naturally?
DOCTOR: You see, get a pregnancy test done, because if you're stressed about being pregnant (which, lets face it, is a big stress) your period will never come and you'll stress more! its a bit of a catch 22 i guess! get a test and put your mind at ease, at least once you've got the results you can go from there, be it destressing when its negative or figuring out what to do with a positive result.

PATIENT: but doctor, how can i get rid of the hiccups?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. you could be biting your heek or tongue.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so why do we love to just stare at the ocean for its beauty and the sound of the waves?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but start a moderate exercise routine and cut out all sugar.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: why do women have to have slower metabolisms then men?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. there's the facial feedback hypothesis which basically says that when you laugh naturally you use the orbicularis oculi  and zygomatic muscles (a fake laugh just uses the the zygomatic muscles).

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: what if my foreskin is covering the head?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that i really think that pads are comfortable but they are not as comfortable as tampons i think that if you tried tampons that you would like them way beter than pads because i just started using tampons and they are way better than pads trust me.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how to decrease weight 100kg to 70kg?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that try hypnosis.

PATIENT: I knew it. why do only teenagers musterbate?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. being really happy one minute, then really angry/emotional the next.

PATIENT: I disagree. my apartment is in the basement and it had water in the floor, how do i get the mildew smell out?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but practice!  practice!  practice!.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case why go to the gyn?
DOCTOR: erm. well... many scientists believe that male nipples are an evolutionary vestige which is simply the result of males and females shareing virtually identical genetic structures.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how do you heal a canker sore quickly?
DOCTOR: for me, a vegetarian, not likely.

PATIENT: okay doc. how do you get rid of a 3 inch thick wart on your nose?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. under the tongue.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. what is the most effective breast enhancement pill on the market?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that during exercise, the quantity of blood pumped by the heart increases to match the increased skeletal muscle demand.

PATIENT: but doctor, anybody know how to cure sweaty hands?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: it's possible you have a cavity that led to decay.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. why my brain is recalling my lifes bad exp,s again and again?
DOCTOR: easy: why would you want to???.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: in history, why does austria have many famous psychology-related persons?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think maybe a tolerance as listed previously.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how do i get less fat in my...?
DOCTOR: well, once you have a cold, there's nothing you can do but let it run its course.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. what is urinal?how it use for patient?for female patient?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: masturb@tion?  excitation of one's own or another's genital organs, usually to orgasm, by manual contact or means other than sexual intercourse.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. why am i bleeding a lot and when i urinate there is a lot of blood tissue and blood clots coming out?
DOCTOR: erm. well... if you're talking about brown mucus from the vagina, this is probably from bleeding.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. what stretches can i do for what i have?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, actually that's not all that hard to do.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how do i get a bigger penis?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, i agree with the pinched nerve idea.

PATIENT: makes sense. how harmfull is mastur_ation?
DOCTOR: I believe that well after i come back from a concert and about a week later i still think about what went on.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. in terms of symtoms, what is the difference between a viral infection and a bacterial infection?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think a stye is an infection of the follicle of your eyelash,you probably rubbed your eye with a nono-too -clean finger.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. what does mean when halwayz occur inyour dreams?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: you can develop folic acid deficiency anemia which is correctable with supplimentary folic acid.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how do i make stretch marks disappear?
DOCTOR: well you see, well with hsv -2 you get genital warts.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, what can cause a positive tox screen for opiates?
DOCTOR: I think that i used to get bad headaches when i was training and my trainer was also a chiropractor he took me aside and did something to my neck he cracked it or something and never had another headache training.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. how can people get skinny?
DOCTOR: for me, don't blame her, she feels responsible for you.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. i have migraine, how can i cope with it?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially it's a toss up.

PATIENT: yes, but what to do about strapthoat?
DOCTOR: the answer is that this is not exactly true.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. how do you shave?
DOCTOR: I think that teaspoon of sugar or drink water, hold your breath for 30 seconds or keep swallowing air.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how is checking your pulse helpful?what items do you need to check your pulse?
DOCTOR: well you see, you are wearing restrictive clothing so you need to wear undies and jeans that are less restricting aroung your groin area.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. how to test virginity of a laday?
DOCTOR: for me, i would go and see a orthodontist.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how do i heal a chipped elbow ?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. http://en.

PATIENT: I disagree. why are we being ripped off so much by the price of eye glasses and hearing aids?
DOCTOR: erm. well... malfunction is when a machine fails to function properly.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how does wanking or ejaculating effect a male's health?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. nurses will likely have to take chemistry and biochemistry.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how to get rid of an annoying habbit?
DOCTOR: you should go see a dr.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how do i stop the symptoms of my allergies?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. #don't eat cheese.

PATIENT: I disagree. why the girls like banana?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but eating unhealthily is a leading cause of appendicitis, or infection of the appendix.

PATIENT: yes, but how do you get pregnant?
DOCTOR: well you see, i learned that it's a way of acclimating to your surroundings.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case what will cause hives and lip and eye swelling besides allergic reactions?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that probably because as you grow up you learn to clean yourself thoroughly and properly.

PATIENT: okay doc. how are boxer shorts considered lounge wear?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but the dentist will use a handpiece and make a hole in the top of your tooth.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. how do you sleep?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, i've heard that leaving duct tape on the wart makes it smaller.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, my question is how does mold/mildew in a building affect your health?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, are you thinking of munchausen's syndrome? that is where people fake or even cause themselves to have symptoms of illness to get attention.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then what do i do if i have a cavity?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, i just got one not too long ago.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how are antibiotics absorbed, distributed, metabolised and excreted in the body?
DOCTOR: easy: same way as everyone else.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. what can i put in my mouth instead of a cigarette?
DOCTOR: the answer is that check out the website below for details.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so why do my eyes swell so bad while i'm sleeping, and what can i do to help it?
DOCTOR: realistically, you have a stomach ulcer.

PATIENT: yes, but what do steriods look like?
DOCTOR: erm. well... superfood is a complete yeast nutrient used to stimulate fermentation, improve yeast survival, and significantly reduce stuck fermentations.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: why do you get the taste of blood in your mouth when i go exercising in the cold weather?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: thrush is caused by an overgrowth of yeast, usually caused by antibiotic therapy.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. does working the midnight shift effect your metabolism in anyway?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that of course, its good for everything.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. what does mean my foreplay what is the different types, how long it will take?
DOCTOR: erm. well... does your brain slosh around inside your skull?.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. what does it mean when a person gets swollen fingers and ankels while running?
DOCTOR: Let me think... you could end up with permanent nerve damage if you wait too long to get things taken care of.

PATIENT: okay doc. why is the inside of my belly button bleeding?
DOCTOR: hmm. sorry, don't know what a ******* is.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how to gain weight?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. do you swim alot? if you do you got swimmers ear.

PATIENT: I knew it. what does occult blood result  of 1+    mean  on a urinalysis lab test?
DOCTOR: you mean a splinter?.

PATIENT: but how do you "pop" your own back?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, george bush's mother.

PATIENT: but why does peroxide foam and bubble when you put it on an infection?
DOCTOR: erm. well... dont get veneers! the dentist do a lot of prep to your teeth (shaving them etc.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case have any  studies been done on the effects of smelling gas fumes?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. details!!!.

PATIENT: but what's 'deep throat' mean?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. well, you could ask him.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: what can cause increased nipple sensitivity?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. if they are bleeding out then their brain still isn't recieving the correct flow anway so in terms of placing pressure on the wound you aren't likely to cause much if any more damange than what has been done already.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. what are angel eyes?
DOCTOR: A common question. they say that if you rub your feet with baking soda it helps.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how can i prevent disease without taking medicines?
DOCTOR: Let me think... it is a sexually transmitted disease that you can get from having sex with someone who has it, or having sex with someone who had sex with someone who had it.

PATIENT: makes sense. how do i prevent and treat cold sores?
DOCTOR: Let me think... join a christian group and seek out god's help.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how to get wrists larger?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think chemicals.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. i have strep throat, how do i get rid of it?
DOCTOR: the answer is that take an acetaminophen pill like tylenol or ibuprophen like advil.

PATIENT: but doctor, how do you get rid of a moustache if your a girl?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, accupuncture.

PATIENT: makes sense. how to treat herpes virus to illiminate outbreaks?
DOCTOR: well you see, narcolepsy maybe.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how come i get cramps every time i have sex?
DOCTOR: well you see, there is no fat in rice.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, how can i reduce bags under my eyes?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. nausea and vomiting are the main ones.

PATIENT: okay doc. how can i get rid of my stretchmarks?howmuch does it cost?
DOCTOR: hmm. its called certain dri antispersirant.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how do i get away wit bad breath?
DOCTOR: Let me think... twitching is caused by involuntary muscle spasms and are typically normal during rem sleep (the time period during sleep during which you are in deep sleep and dreaming).

PATIENT: makes sense. how to minimize the appearance of puffiness cause by an infection ( absse) ?
DOCTOR: Let me think... results from severe allergic reaction.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, how can you tell if you've got asthma?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, first of all, you can't get aids.

PATIENT: yes, but how one can get rid of depression?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that depends on how soft the enamel is.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case what are the potential side effects for the antidepressant saredutant?
DOCTOR: he sure as h*ll can.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: i'm paul (19) and want to know, how can i get rid of pubic hair easy and painless?
DOCTOR: simply put, your vision doesn't always correspond exactly to the power of your contacts.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how can i find out what kind of sanctions have been placed on a medical doctor?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. several things.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how d o you get rid of crab lice?
DOCTOR: Let me think... go to the doctor and get antibiotics.

PATIENT: I disagree. how do i build muscles around my stomach area?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially your first answer was absolute drivel.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then why is nausea a symptom of a heart attack?
DOCTOR: Let me think... the contain alot of fiber which causes your bowel to become more active.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how can i make my teeth white?
DOCTOR: You see, it is a pressure point.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. does cranberry juice get rid of marijuana in your system?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. contractions getting rid of the lining of the uterus.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. why have my breasts become so sore?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, it has to do with hormones fluctuating and the body craves different nutriets to suplement.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: i have little white bumps on my forehead and chin (maybe whiteheads) how do you get rid of them and what cause
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but a bicuspid heart valve is a heart valve that has two leaflets.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so why did my urine smell of sugar puffs cereal?
DOCTOR: I think that i hate to admit this but i listen to oldies.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how do you deal with the emotional side effects of fertility drugs?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. be natural and different!.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how can i get a vaginal orgasm?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: for any type of swallowing an object that shouldn't be, or injesting a poison, you need to call your local poison control center first for a poisoning, or your doctor before doing anything.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how do i control carving for smoking a  cigarette?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think either you have an averse reaction to cafeinne, or the hot, acidic property of coffee is upsetting your stomach, especially if it's empty.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what is a..........?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. where are these dark circles found? if under the eyes try cold compress.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then young daughter's "privates" closing completely, know how to keep it from happening?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that do people ever read the full question?  if you smoke pot you don"t grow brain cells!!!!  they die!!!.

PATIENT: yes, but what to do for a colon problem?
DOCTOR: A common question. when you consume lesser calories, you are are still supplying your bodies needs.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. why does shaving my chest make me break out?
DOCTOR: the answer is that try doing more reps at the "plateau" and eventually you will get over it.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how do you wipe?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially its the four f's .

PATIENT: okay doc. how is bacterial food poisoning different from mould food poisoning?
DOCTOR: well, right now i am not sure there is anything anyone can do enough of, every illness now people run to the doctors and usually leave with medication.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! how could you get rid of lice in you hair?
DOCTOR: easy: before you go to sleep use toothpaste and dot it on the acne, my friend does that and she says that works?.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so why does it hurt?
DOCTOR: i am an american and i breast fed both of my daughters, but i do see your point.

PATIENT: yes, but how can you get rid of cellulite?
DOCTOR: well you see, changing your socks at some point during the day can help.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how do i get rid of inner theigh fat?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, are they black heads or pores?  black heads are raised lesions and pores are flat areas that have an oily secretion in them, most people call pores, blackheads.

PATIENT: but what is the difference between a technologist and a technician?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. check it out.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how can u get rid of pimples and prepimples?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that honey, that sounds like a medical condition.

PATIENT: but doctor, what is a rock?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. not as safe as you would like.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! what drugs are good for study as my concentration is a fraction of what it was when i was younger?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. garlic is great for colds.

PATIENT: alright. how awful...?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that claim money from the government.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. do i have a hormone problem?
DOCTOR: hmm. be very gentle, and make sure she is well lubricated.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: what is vasovagal syncope, how it is related to the autonomic nervous system?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: go to the store and buy one.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, how do you prevent periodontal diease?
DOCTOR: You see, i stopped automatically when i realized that i had bits of fingernail in my mouth all the time, and it ooged my out.

PATIENT: but how could get medical advice from internet?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, many of the most popular lubes like astroglide and ky jelly are water based.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how can i increase my metabolism?
DOCTOR: the answer is that i would go and see a orthodontist.

PATIENT: okay doc. how do you get more red blood cells?
DOCTOR: I think that because flem drips from your nose into your throat.

PATIENT: I disagree. what is the real name for scrot-rot and is their a cure?
DOCTOR: I think that apply scolding hot water directly to it.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how do i workout my pelvic region?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, the humidity/heat make breathing difficult, but also if you are on city water, alot of chemicals are added to kill bacteria and diseases in the water-these chemicals tend to cling to moisture like vapour particles which you then breathe in.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: why do stars become anorexics/bulimics?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, trust in the lord and give everything over to him.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. since creatine is basically water retention, why not just drink more water for the same effect?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think why should you want to do that?.

PATIENT: yes, but how to get cured from eye problem i have power(3.5)?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but you must exercise off the calories you consume.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, why do i cut myself underpressure and thinking about the past?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, knowing about ptsd rape help nurses understand more about how every victim react to her own situation and how each cope with it, nurses would be able to have a deeper understanding in how to handle their patients who have been victims.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so what are the causes of a late period besides pregnancy?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. bleach.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. can anyone tell me how effective is "body reflexology" and for what cures ?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that because when you sleep your mouth is generally closed and cooks the bacteria in your mouth.

PATIENT: makes sense. how do you get rid of hemmroids?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: prokaryots have a nucleus and organelles (bacteria, protozoan).

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so when one has a bad chest cold, what is the purpose of phlegm?
DOCTOR: well, depends on what kind of headache u have.

PATIENT: I disagree. why do men have nipples?
DOCTOR: You see, sleep, most important -do not compromise on a good 8 hour undisturbed sleep cycle.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how do i get a 6 pack of abs?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. chemotherapy, also called chemo, is a treatment for various forms of cancers that consists of iv administration of a "cocktail" of medications that fight the cancerous cells.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, how do babies breathe in the womb, where does the oxygen come from?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. nutrition, vitamins, exercise, drinking a lot of water, not using drugs or tobacco, reducing stress, keeping a positive attitude.

PATIENT: I disagree. how long do the effects of drinking a whole bottle of cough syrup last?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: if you go to a physcologist they won't prescribe meds as they are not trained to do so, they can help and it mite make a difference, just try to find someone who is actually gona help ask for recommendations etc.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so what does 8:30 pace mean?
DOCTOR: erm. well... i got this lovely chemical lab for christmas when i was 12.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: if u have a fever blister how do u get rid  or it?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. if your insulin spiked wouldn't that cause a low blood sugar? i've been diabetic for 21 years now (since i was 14) & i've never heard this term.

PATIENT: alright. what do u do for friction rib and how do u know if u have it?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: basic guidelines for an er visit include but are not limited to:.

PATIENT: alright. how does one benefit from eating cranberries?
DOCTOR: easy: read one of those good old malgudi days story book.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how do you get rid of calluses for good?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. try looking at this website for your answer.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how i can modify my body after losing alot of weight to be sexy?
DOCTOR: easy: you don't have to let everyone know.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how can i get my husband to take care of his diabetes?
DOCTOR: I think that yep, penisguy, it does sound very much like that ole butt sickness.

PATIENT: but doctor, how to get rid of a cold by tomorrow?
DOCTOR: I think that go to your doctor or go to a chiropractor they should be able to help! a hot bath and those new pads you stick on you back like icy hot or something like that they work i use one and my back pain went bye bye for a long time! but it will be different for everyone! my back was hurting due to a car wreak!.

PATIENT: but how to become a medical examiner in indiana?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. actos 15mg is the brand name, piogliazone is the generic name.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but why the doctors are cleaning up the nidels before the lethal injection?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, have you checked out the walmart free samples? try that.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then do fat girls have more fun?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. pro:  it might provide some placebo effect.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. why do my teath hurt when i do cardio?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, having two kids i found that there are a bunch of things to try: karo syrup, juice, suppositories, prune juice diluted with water, and the list goes on and on.

PATIENT: I disagree. what is the proper footwear for a nurse?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that it could very well be an allergy-- you may be one of these people that has 'chronic allergies'.

PATIENT: makes sense. why mosquitoes dont suffer from malaria?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think eat salads, cut out refined sugars.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so why do you hic-up?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. rutin - can be found in a health food store.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. how do i stop my knee cap from twitching?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. hypertrophy is swelling.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how come.....?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but the same day or previous day's diet provides the immediate fuel.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how can we exercise our brains?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think this is something very close to my heart, because i , too, suffered from anxiety.

PATIENT: okay doc. what is nursing all about?
DOCTOR: A common question. did you try sa? if you don't want to do that, talk to your wife.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how do i decrease the amount of soreness after a tough workout?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, a douche is meant to clean out the vagina with a water based solution.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. how can i document depth on a respiratory assessment?
DOCTOR: lollllllllllllll, so true.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. what does phenumoultramicroscopicsilicovalcanoconiocis mean?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, don't worry, you are not alone.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. why cum not taste good im always gonna puke.. how to make cum more diserable to swallow without tasting it....
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that because you're holding your breath.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: why doesn't hospice provide intraveinious fluids (for in home care)  if the patient needs it?
DOCTOR: well, you have some type of bacteria on the contacts that you aren't cleaning off.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how can i get my ...?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: poor lifestyle and bad eating habits.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. what is the place of drug residue?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. good news! your foot sweat and your forehead sweat are equally stinky!.

PATIENT: alright. what is the meaning of health threat?
DOCTOR: I think that go to gnc store and get protein powder and other supplements.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: why  are diabetics more prone to ear infections?
DOCTOR: I believe that i use my tens unit.

PATIENT: okay doc. how does the media influence anorexia nervosa?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: cirrhosis of the liver is when the liver becomes damaged and thickened due usually to drinking or heavy drugs.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how can i get rid of a wart in about 1 week...?
DOCTOR: erm. well... details!!!.

PATIENT: but what causes severe swelling and pain in the knees?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think cardio is basically anything that exercises your heart.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. why do bones need to be popped?
DOCTOR: A common question. it will run you thousands.

PATIENT: I knew it. what are  the effects of drug use?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. add a good source of omega 3 fish oil make sure it is pharmaceutical grade,  omega 3 is proven to help lower also soy protein is good in helping lower overall cholesterol.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: why do my palms ache when im crying?
DOCTOR: i have a little of it too.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how do you get rid of cravings for sweets?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think from personal experience, i started stretching my neck back a few times a day & noticed that my double-chin had gone away within a month or 2.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. how would i get myself to sleep early?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. it depends which drug u r using.

PATIENT: but why do doctors wear white medical jackets over their regular clothes?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. i think that means you are prone to have kidney stones.

PATIENT: yes, but why douche?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: first try using a sports sunscreen, its designed for sweat and wetness.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, what are hepatic hypodensities?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that dont do it!! a lot of these pills have caffiene and other things in them that can trigger anxiety.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how can gain weight?
DOCTOR: the answer is that cardiomypathy is stated as dysfunction of the normal heart function which are not caused by ischemia (narrowing of artery), infarction (damage to the heart muscle, cos of lack blood supply) or any valvular disease.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, what exactly is blood posion?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that i have seen many rumors that exercising your prostate regularly will increase the duration and intensity of orgasm.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. working out everyday, why am i gaining weight?
DOCTOR: well, if you eat like a horse but look like a q tip you have a high metabolisim.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. why is my foot so painful?
DOCTOR: you obviously find them a very big turn off!  .

PATIENT: okay. so, then: why do people take meth does it make u skinnier?
DOCTOR: Let me think... i use super shape anti-cellulite and stretch mark cream.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. why do farts smell?
DOCTOR: well you see, injections with a sclerosing agent or ultrasonic ablation - see a general surgeon or plastic surgeon.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what are the side effects of st. john's wort?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but smell a freshly peeled piece of citrus fruit (orange, lemon, etc.

PATIENT: makes sense. what is psorosis liver and what are the symptoms?
DOCTOR: Let me think... dont give it out.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. why does my heartbeat increase when i am nervous?
DOCTOR: easy: walk up to a random guy you think is cute, kiss him on the mouth, then walk away.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how is depression cured?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that have someone break your finger (then you won't feel your ear).

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how do you get rid of crabs?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but probably because you're not really ready for internal stimulation.

PATIENT: I knew it. how can i sleep less?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. yes, it's called a "stye" and it is an inflammation in your eye, from a minor infection.

PATIENT: okay doc. what is g spot?
DOCTOR: I think that a psychiatric nurse, usually a staff nurse, has theoretical knowledge, understanding and clinical experience to help individuals, families and groups cope with or overcome problems with emotions, behaviors, thoughts and interpersonal relationships.

PATIENT: I disagree. how can i treat a bliater caused by a burn from a curling iron on my arm?
DOCTOR: I believe that until death signs can be stress, lathargy, forgetfullness, irritablity and general bad health ie more prone to catching colds, flus etc and longer to cure them.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but can females become sexually aroused without creating some type of vaginal secretion within their bodies?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but skinny people are more accepted over fat people because skinny people look better as far as they dont have fat hanging from their legs, arms, and necks like fat people.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how to loose weight withing 2 months?
DOCTOR: hmm. coffee could cause extrinsic stains on your teeth.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. how to get disability with add?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. because a yeast infection is caused by an imbalance in the bacteria in your system.

PATIENT: okay doc. what are partial curl-ups?
DOCTOR: Let me think... my best advice is to ask family members that might know about what happend and why.

PATIENT: I disagree. what are the characteristics " a nervous breakdown"?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. gel inside.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how did elvis presley die?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that condom meanns safe sex!!!!!!!.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. what is a rock?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: first off, good question.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what does it mean to scratch?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: calamine lotion and get it now b4 it spreads fast.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. did i break my bone under the eye?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that you can use warm water gargles and also throat spray helps with the pain.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how do ou get rid of cellulite on the back of your legs?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. gas gangrene, a subset of necrotizing myositis, is an infectious disease emergency caused by organisms in the clostridium species.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but why  are diabetics more prone to ear infections?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: have you seen a doctor or is this self diagnosed? if you seen a doctor and they didn't prescribe you something you need to report them! the only cure is high dose of prescription antibiotics.

PATIENT: alright. i had gotten bronchitis last week...now my sore throat won't go away....how do i stop it?
DOCTOR: diabete's causes excessive thirst, excessive urination, and excessive eating.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. what is good to put on a burn?
DOCTOR: A common question. say what??.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. why do people blow their nose when they have a cold?
DOCTOR: I think that when the fluid in your ears is not settled.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: why do we get goosbumps?
DOCTOR: the answer is that viral- chicken pox ,small pox.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how successful is inuterine insemination?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, i do the same thing.

PATIENT: I disagree. how do i raise my confidence?helppppppppppppppppppp?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: use a good moisturizer each and every morning and night.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, low blood presure what causes it?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, i have the same problem.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. what is root canal surgery?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. it depends on whether the cyst is benign or malignant.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. what's the difference between hard anodized cookware and teflon cookware?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: migraines usually focus right at the temple, on either one side or the other.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. why did you delete the question?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. go to the store and get a pregnancy test.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so what are the effects of passive smoking (thanks for helping)?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: i`m completely sure, but i think you could have a seizure right there.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how can u telll if some one has breast canser?
DOCTOR: realistically, if someone offers you one.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: what is a b o n e r?
DOCTOR: don't sleep with your window open.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, what blood test should be taken to determine why hair in a woman is thinning?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, not shaving will solve the problem.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: what is septsis?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. a pool in roman style (a building style the romans used).

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how can i get motivated to work out every day?
DOCTOR: A common question. i get that sometimes.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. i weigh about 98 lbs, but i have cellulitis, how can i get rid of it?why do i have it if im not overwieght?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: i'd say they vary.

PATIENT: I disagree. what are some easy ways to get a toddler to go to sleep without being mean?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, visine.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so why did i just have a nose bleed?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. yes they can by having orgasms without ejaculating.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how to remove something that pierced a raised vein?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: hi,   i can help you.

PATIENT: but doctor, how can i get rid of stretchmarks on my butt, hips, and upper thigh without surgery?
DOCTOR: A common question. you know what to do, in your heart.

PATIENT: I knew it. how can you do more exercise if you got an office-based job?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: you are probably getting your figures from the machine's calculation which, as people said above, factors in the weight of the person doing the work.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then what's the difference between punishment and negative reinforcement?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: they can come in many shapes and sizes depending on the drug manufactures do not take them they are dangerous if not monitered properly.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. why do girls have hair around their nipples?
DOCTOR: the answer is that less reps, more sets will build muscle.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: why do i sweat a lot when am in the sun?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, blood has lots of functions.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how does sexually activity affects the prostate?
DOCTOR: hmm. you cant improve your height, once you stop growing thats it mate.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! what could be some reasons why...........?
DOCTOR: are you talking about that our brains see thing upside down and then our brains flip it to correct its direction.

PATIENT: makes sense. how do you know if your gettin numonia?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think my best advice is to ask family members that might know about what happend and why.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: i have add - how do i read past the first paragraph in a book?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. that's only in the cartoons.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so what is the definition of cushing's syndrome?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think i've only heard that they can contribute to infertility with their high temperatures.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. what is decaf coffee?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, lose weight.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. what are the characteristics of bipolar disorder?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but most people do it in their sleep and have no control over it.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. how will kiwi effect my blood sugar?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think there are many reasons for bed wetting to occur.

PATIENT: alright. why are my 12th grade classmates so dumb?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. there are different types pf hair fall.

PATIENT: alright. what does placebo have to do with alternative medication?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, do some exercise.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. how to prevent gout?
DOCTOR: Let me think... good advice here.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how do i stop coughing when i swallow food or liquid down my windpipe?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, your husband due home.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how do you get rid of hiccups?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. i was so skinny as a child i appeared to have buckteeth.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how do u get rid of spots from shingles?
DOCTOR: I think that actually, the answer is neither.

PATIENT: alright. why do our faces turn red when were embarrassed?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but it means hospital lockdown.

PATIENT: yes, but why do we need to eat two servings of fruits and vegetables ?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, when you leave the army, you get discharged.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. does diabetes affects sexual perfromence?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. it's the salt and urea! if these waste products aren't washed away, the salt doesn't evaporate off the body and often traps the waste product urea alongside it as well.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! why is health defined as mental,physical and social wellbeing and not just absence of disease?
DOCTOR: well, sindÂ·bis fever (sndbs).

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so why does my eye lid twitch?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that uh, see a doctor immediately! and don't use that on anyone until you do.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. what are the negative effects of prolonged advil use?
DOCTOR: I think that i listened to a seminar from a natralpathic doctor and he explained how grape seed extract will repair varicose veins it takes about 2 to 3 months for them to disapear.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! how do i give myself a good manicure?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. hiv is human immunodificiency virus.

PATIENT: but doctor, i got some skin rashes after consumed vodka, how can i get rid?
DOCTOR: the answer is that a liquified fart is called diarrhea.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how does genetics play an important role in our daily lives ?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that they don't!! how many english people do you know? it is soooooo rude of you to be so general.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how do i figure out what my ideal wait would be?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. take time off.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. what does contact inhibition mean in relation to defect in cellular proliferation?
DOCTOR: realistically, head n shoulders shampoo.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. what is a great 1500 calorie diet look like?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: try not to be stressed out.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how do you know if you've had a miscarriage?
DOCTOR: the answer is that by a blood test.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. what is spontaneous human combustion?
DOCTOR: the answer is that ice will give temporary relief.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! why does mexican food make people go to the bathroom?
DOCTOR: simply put, you cant improve your height, once you stop growing thats it mate.

PATIENT: but what are the characteristics of yoga?
DOCTOR: the answer is that oh what i would give to have a man with a hairy chest.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. how do you get rid of dark circles under you eyes?
DOCTOR: simply put, you need 9 hours to sleep to prevent getting bags.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, what to do about scar on my lip from repeating cold sores?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think the bone stucture of you face creates a natural shield around you eyes.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so what position do you like to sleep in?
DOCTOR: simply put, there is a department that you'd call for that at that hospital.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how i can slim my boobs, im a man?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but try pilates type exercises.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: who does like their body,didn't like their body, and why/why not?
DOCTOR: You see, slightly sore is normal, my dentist told me that dry socket can happen even weeks afterward.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: what causes dandruff?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: see a dermatologist.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! what are the effects of caffeine on psychotropic medications?
DOCTOR: I think that i remember hearing it this way:  (in layman's terms) when we are in the womb, the genetics that determine whether we will become a man have not "kicked in" yet.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. why do i sneeze when i'm out in sunlight?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: when you work your abs you don't isolate them, what you do is you tighten a lot of muscles all the way down from your diaphragma to your thights (different muscles depending on the  exercise).

PATIENT: okay doc. how can i stop my husband from wetting the bed?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, bally's and 24 hour fitness have classes.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, why can't u sneeze with eyes open?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think any exercise that exercises multiple body parts.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how i can grow my speaking?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that rumor has it if you apply a piece of masking tape over it for a day or two, the insides are drawn out by the adhesive.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. what are remedies for premature greying hair?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. make a tiny hole with a needle.

PATIENT: but how can i get rid of my hicups?
DOCTOR: easy: all it does is have a lot of vitamins and stuff so your body continues being healthy.

PATIENT: alright. why does sugar give me a sore throat?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that am a 17+ year retired rn and a bipolar.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, why do my knees pop when i walk?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that the only way to do it is really to just get up and start working out, after forcing yourself to get up and do it after a while it will become habit.

PATIENT: I disagree. what to do about a potentially cancerous mole on boob?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: drugs.

PATIENT: okay doc. how to extend the excitment during *** mutually?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. you can't.

PATIENT: alright. how to overcome laziness or procrastination?
DOCTOR: easy: you can get certain stds by performing oral sex on a person, but std transmission is most likely to occur during genital-to-genital contact.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: what is the mechanism of the vitamin c drug?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. hormonal changes.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. how can i tell if my farts will smell or not before i do the deed?
DOCTOR: realistically, amputate it - you have nine others to spare.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, how bad is the weight problem in america?
DOCTOR: well, there is no such thing.

PATIENT: but doctor, how to remove a pimple over ure face ?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: here is no way you can.

PATIENT: makes sense. what is a womans favourite sexual position and why is it the best for her, for my education?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, ligaments and tendons are soft collagenous tissues.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. i was just wondering why do men have nipples?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think the vitamin a in the whites is very good for your skin.

PATIENT: alright. what are the characteristics of yoga?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. why?  better to be polite and considerate of others; you will have more friends, make more money, and be more successful in life.

PATIENT: but doctor, what can i do?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, bullybuttons work as the bodies natural lint trap.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! explain how prolactin affects the menstrual cycle?
DOCTOR: for me, well this all depends on your personality are you trying to hard to fit in or are you just too nice.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how to grow taller?
DOCTOR: simply put, dont eat them.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how can i get a more curvy behind?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. for me, eighteen months of ortho tri-cyclen worked wonders.

PATIENT: but doctor, does anyone know how caffeine effects edema?
DOCTOR: realistically, try cutting out various elements of the diet.

PATIENT: okay doc. what are leg symptoms of diabetes?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, chest pain, chest tightening, palpatations, shortness of breath, etc.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: why does my face hurt?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, all u have to do is exercise and eat right.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: my friend has expressed that she is planning to kill herself - how do i help her?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, they can come in many shapes and sizes depending on the drug manufactures do not take them they are dangerous if not monitered properly.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. why am i short?
DOCTOR: well, psychologist cannot prescribe medicines.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: why do people grind thier teeth?
DOCTOR: the answer is that when it expands it stretches your skin and your eyes pop open and wake you up :).

PATIENT: I disagree. how to mke a drink for autoimmunity?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: there isn't a test to check from chemical imbalances.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. why is death scary?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, i tried the isagenix natural accelerator pills.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, how do you get rid of the pain from repetitive movement using the mouse and computer?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think because they are the sexiest, most feminine brand of cigarettes.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. what causes discharge from colon?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. they always want what they can't have.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how do i stop biting my nails?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think it's very effective, about 97-99% effective.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: why do doctors&nurses wear lightblue or green for opration in the theatre and not red related toblood or white
DOCTOR: I think that if you take too much psuedophed for your sniffles, your body will become dependent on the drug.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. what do vaginal warts look like?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that if you sleep with your mouth open, gravity will pull the saliva out onto the pillow or whatever your face is against.

PATIENT: I knew it. how wiggling helps from fainting?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. take your eyebrow?  you can trim it or shape it with tweezers.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. why does the color of urine varies everytime you go the bathroom?
DOCTOR: easy: eating is usually a way of suppressing something that is bothering you.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how to i stop my menstruation period?
DOCTOR: erm. well... minute atoms of crap breaking the sound barrier:  estimated speed 675 mph.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: why is it....?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that carotid artery-the principal artery on each side of the neck.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how to make my elbows have the same color as my arms?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: it hurts worse right now, because you are picturing it over and over in your mind.

PATIENT: okay doc. why does hot and humid weather make you swell?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, pretty good chance you didnt get it, you would have needed to have a cut on your penis and she needed to e bleeding from the mouth, and even then pretty low risk, doesnt mean you didnt get something else, would suggest going to your local health department and getting a test done, its easy cheap and confidential, they dont even use your name, just a number.

PATIENT: but whats the difference between....?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. loss of taste and smell is a classic sign of zinc deficiency.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what is the worst way to die and why?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, medications only do so much.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how do i get an object out of my rectum?
DOCTOR: I think that cranberry is a better preventative but because it is highly acidic and bacteria does not like acid it can help with an infection.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! i just had a baby i am not breast feeding how do i make the milk stop coming?
DOCTOR: for me, because we have one.

PATIENT: I knew it. what does clonidine do?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. of course, its good for everything.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how do i just put it away in my mind?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think it does not sound as though your body is in too good of shape.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, how do you get rid of cysts?
DOCTOR: well you see, its a bone scan a seratec scan uses the same tracer, technetium, as a traditional technetium bone scan, but instead of attaching it to calcium-like material to follow bone activity, the tracer is attached to white blood cells, the cells that help you fight off infection.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, how is bacterial food poisoning different from mould food poisoning?
DOCTOR: easy: because the liver occupies space above the right.

PATIENT: I disagree. why do doctors just give away depression medicine?
DOCTOR: well, tea tree oil.

PATIENT: alright. a friend may have cancer what should be done?
DOCTOR: erm. well... go to the emergency room.

PATIENT: but what should i do if i'm constantly dizzy?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. it definitely sounds like your allergies are affecting your eyes.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. what about indian?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that it works your arms, legs, tones and builds.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how do i get rid of keratosis pilaris or keratosis solaris?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think mainly by keeping your weight down and eating right.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, why am i so miserable?
DOCTOR: simply put, sitting with a stright spine is all that is required.

PATIENT: alright. why beautiful girls, sometimes have low selfesteem?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: get a good mortar and pestle.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. what causes intrusive thoughts?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think go to the doctor immediately.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how can i deal with depression?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, same things happens to me but it doesn't bother me as much.

PATIENT: I knew it. what does it mean to hear music 
that isn't there?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. keeping watching t.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. what is usefull for growing of hairs?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially me too.

PATIENT: makes sense. does human growth hormone taken as a supplement really work?
DOCTOR: well, like on your neck? if it doesn't work when you're tanning on the beach, use tanning stuff like that cream or use foundation.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so why do i have hypogastric pains every 9th day of my menstrual cycle?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, do you mean "herpes genital" (genital herpes simplex)?.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so what is a crack house?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. the only way this is possible is if you had an underlying hematoma - blunt force trauma or skull fracture.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how do i make my breast biger?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, i just searched on several search engines.

PATIENT: alright. what is aplopecia areata?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but hi,   do you want to lose weight & tone up, or build strength & muscle mass?  i can help you.

PATIENT: but what causes hiccups?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but you are gonna get a lot of answers saying to hold your breath, but that only works sometimes and not with every person.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, why is my butt hole so warm?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. you can't get rid of it "like today.

PATIENT: but what is some good workout music to listen to while doing cardio?
DOCTOR: A common question. stick carrots in your nose .

PATIENT: makes sense. how does chlamydia get treated and cured?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think when somebody cries? is it? the study about someone crying?.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! why do people sneeze sometimes when they look into the sun?
DOCTOR: for me, all you can do is try it.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. how do i stop being so self critical of myself?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, why would you want to take 10?.

PATIENT: but doctor, how can i whiten my teeth?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think around 30.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how can i boost my metabolism and and get more energy?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think u can start with snuff it's been around 4 centuries.

PATIENT: I knew it. what is he path taken by red blood cell?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, maybe you need a stronger antibotic.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how do you keep?
DOCTOR: I think that mild stroke.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: why does your snot turn green when your sick ?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but do excercise, drink a lot of water, get rid of too much thinking, relax and before all these .

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how do you treat persistent tendinitis when icing doesn't work?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that you may be experiencing a subconscious effort of your body trying to tell you to stop feeding it poison, or you made an ass of yourself.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, have you ever tryed to got off of efexer xl   and how did you do?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. well its good for the digestive tract,.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how do i get rid of a stiff neck?
DOCTOR: easy: well, if they make fun of you being short, you can say, "there are two kinds of people in the world, short people, and ignorant people.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how do you treat/cure a hang nail?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. mucolytic  is a drug that which reduce the viscosity of the secretion of the respiratory tract.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. what is the easiest way.....?
DOCTOR: Let me think... i am serious.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how can i reduce the excess fat in my stomach?
DOCTOR: erm. well... get drunk, party and have a good time.

PATIENT: I knew it. what is the cause of mild stroke?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. don't beat yourself up.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how serious is short term memory loss sporadically?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, i own a beauty salon.

PATIENT: yes, but what is atlethe's foot?
DOCTOR: simply put, well you need to see a doctor about it.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how harmfull smoke for human body?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that well, yes.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: why does my thigh twitch or shake by itself and how do i stop it?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think it's been a topic of discussion for many years.

PATIENT: alright. how to make cholesterol free salad ?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. drink igg plus .

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: i just had a baby i am not breast feeding how do i make the milk stop coming?
DOCTOR: for me, because he's an idiot.

PATIENT: I disagree. how do i stop waking up for short periods of 5-10 seconds every night?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. thrombocytopenia is any disorder in which there are not enough platelets.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how i will improve my english language?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, you can't just transfer or change your license, you will have to re-test in the state of florida.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how do i know if i have a hormonal imbalance?
DOCTOR: here is tip you must remember.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how do u get rid of acid reflux?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that if i were you i'd call the er at the closest hospital or go out there if your whole arm is swollen.

PATIENT: I knew it. how can i stop biting my nails?
DOCTOR: I believe that bacteria depend upon a rigid cell wall to maintain their cell membrane.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: explain why type o blood can be donated in a blood transfusion regardless of the recipients blood type?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that do crunches, run, and diet.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so what are the disadvantages of hypnosis?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think if you go to a physcologist they won't prescribe meds as they are not trained to do so, they can help and it mite make a difference, just try to find someone who is actually gona help ask for recommendations etc.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how to avoid cigar?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. i havn't had that problem.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how can you help avoid ear infections with toddlers?
DOCTOR: realistically, yes!!! its a long & lonely road but hang in there.

PATIENT: makes sense. what could rupture behind knee?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially sometimes artificial sweetners and oils can have a laxative effect.

PATIENT: yes, but how can i workout on my abbs without increasing the size of my back mussles?
DOCTOR: easy: try talking to your partner and find out what is wrong.

PATIENT: makes sense. what is a pussy?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. bag of peas.

PATIENT: but doctor, how can i stop snoring so loudly?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. you need more extensive blood tests done, and see your doc.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. what effects does advil have on the body, taking 10 pills at once?
DOCTOR: easy: maybe try saline mist? give a good spray in nostril, then gently blow nose.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how do i get public records on physician performances?
DOCTOR: meningitis is an inflammation of the membranes that line the brain.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how do i get slimmer thighs?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. it is seasonal incidence.

PATIENT: but how do you reuse a condom?
DOCTOR: You see, you can make your boobs grow by working to strengthen your pectoral muscles.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! how do i get rid of warts?
DOCTOR: A common question. chemical name: sildenafil citrate.

PATIENT: alright. how do i get rid of sinus pressure?
DOCTOR: A common question. yeah i hear that, it's because at first you didn't have a tolerance to them, then as time went by you began to obtain a tolerance.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how are black people made?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but do not take it!!! depakote is poison, it destroyed my body and my quality of life!!!.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, how is premarin made?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially you need to get it checked out.

PATIENT: I knew it. how effective is nutrisystems?
DOCTOR: You see, the best advice i can give you is the opposite of the first answer.

PATIENT: makes sense. how can we get rid of a migraine?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially an abonormal dilatation of the artial septum with bulging of the septum at least half the distance to the left atrial wall.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: what are the side effects of q fever?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, i'm sorry about this, but you really are going to get some fun answers here, aren't you !!! - i'm going to put this in my watch list.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. why do majority of the chinese ladies need to go through strict confinement after birth yet caucasians don't?
DOCTOR: I believe that i put my big blanket in the dryer for about 15 mins and turn up the heater.

PATIENT: but doctor, why do people not know what to say to you when something bad has happened to you?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. i have nothing but bad things to say about ballys.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how can i find a psychiatrist in my area if none are accepting new patients?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: my brother is a meth addict.

PATIENT: I knew it. what is the secret to immortality?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, breast cancer is painfull.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so why do i get nauseous after lifting weights for less than 5 minutes?
DOCTOR: if a woman lays down and her breasts don't flatten or fall to the side, they are fake.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case what dose diabetes do to you?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. from someone who has it.

PATIENT: but why does your ears hurt in cold air?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. you could always just rub yourself on the arm of a couch instead of using your hands.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. what's the difference between a ct and an mri scan (especially for the brain)?
DOCTOR: well you see, my friend having a portion of plastic scalp, he is very active and normal.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. what is hypertrichosis?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but you shouldn't have to worry if you're not a fish.

PATIENT: but how do i stop my oily conditon on my face?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. i cant' tell you if you are pregnant.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but why does perspiration stains clothes yellow?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. ambien cr is different from ambien in that it uses zolpidem tartrate extended release.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: what do strechmarks look like?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think see you dr.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how are drugs harmful to helth?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially i love god and have absolutely no respect for satan.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, how to cure poison ivy?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, cholesterol stones usually refer to gall stones due to their composition.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how risky can it be to start?
DOCTOR: often treatment isn't necessary and your canker sore will heal on its own and there is no quick fix.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. what causes returning boils?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that hick ups happen when your is stomach dry, that's what my science teacher once told me.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how do i make my dick bigger?
DOCTOR: for me, this article discusses the medical condition.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how can i cure body itch?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: chances are it's from the cubes.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: what are the negative aspects of dentistry?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, they say that if you rub your feet with baking soda it helps.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: what could give a false reading on a breath test for alchohol?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. sad that you are not satisfied with who you are and how you look.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! why do i always leave out the most important words in a sentence?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that your stomach hurts because your uterus muscle is contracting.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. why save your baby's cord blood?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. don't sleep.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how to drive away mosquitoes from jungle?
DOCTOR: for me, to prove them selves right, i guess.

PATIENT: but doctor, how can i get rid of premature ejaculation?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, well.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, never had hiv/std test how do i go about when calling health department?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. your eyes get red for the same reason that marijuana helps patients with glaucoma.

PATIENT: but what is the best way to treat cough that is a side effect of cozaar?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. because the liver occupies space above the right.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how to...?
DOCTOR: A common question. you're probably just craving protein.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how do you know if you have dry socket?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. leukorrhea is a whitish, mucousy vaginal discharge, very common during pregnancy because of increased bloodflow to the vagina due to increased estrogen.

PATIENT: I knew it. does marijuana effect healing and does it effect the process of antibiotics?
DOCTOR: desi----urethrolithiasis means stones in the urethra.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, how i can be taller?
DOCTOR: You see, kids do weird things.

PATIENT: but doctor, why are my pupils dialated?
DOCTOR: clowns are funny.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how does soda hurt your body?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: to clear the schnozz of irritants and microbes.

PATIENT: okay doc. how can you stop a jumpy muscle?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: a dual diagnosis can be a diagnosis of any two mental disorders.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how do i get rid of hickups?
DOCTOR: easy: many women loose their hair as they grow older, too, but not in the "male pattern baldness" syndrome.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. why is it as we get older, we can't handle the "spinny rides and roller coasters" we did as children?
DOCTOR: easy: depends on what you eat and your metabalisam.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so what is the quickest way to get rid of a bruise?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: poison ivy is sexy, poison oak is probably some old scruffy dude.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: what are the symptoms of a bone bruise and how do you know if you have one?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. first off, i would defend anyone against people who are racist towards them.

PATIENT: makes sense. what does wheatgrass do?
DOCTOR: simply put, i believe there is no nutritional difference.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, why do our noses run, and our feet smell?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. i'm sure i speak for 50% of the heterosexual men who say, make them lighter? no! why would you want to do that?.

PATIENT: I disagree. what is the body's reaction to morphine?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that advantages of masturbation is you feel and little pressure lifted off of you disadvantages are it's not enough.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. can i have more information why we can only use once for drinking recycled bottle?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, a dab or glob , whichever you prefer, of toothpaste on the affected area overnight (while you sleep) and in the morning it should be alright.

PATIENT: I disagree. how can i diminish my teeth sensitivity while doing a whitening?
DOCTOR: Let me think... i use witch hazel on my skin and it works wonders.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. what effect does birthcontrol have on your hormones?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, i wouldn't recommend it myself.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how many of you actually know what rabies is and what animals can carry it ?
DOCTOR: I think that you have tectonic plate fault-line running down your back.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how does one stop increasing whistling in the right ear?
DOCTOR: well you see, root canal treatment, also known as endodontic therapy, is probably the most maligned of all dental procedures, but the reputation of pain typically associated with "having a root canal" is really not deserved.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. what affect does television have on health?
DOCTOR: Let me think... i agree with leahy.

PATIENT: makes sense. does any one know how i can get pregnant if i have pcos?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think it depends on who wanted the piercing a boyfriend or husband, it is sorta a way of control to have someone do something you want.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how quickly can i safely increase the distance i run?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that it is called air pressure.

PATIENT: but why do humans have toenails?
DOCTOR: well, maxillofacial has to do with the bones and overlying structures of the face.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! what ways beside food, is there to get rid of hunger?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially you may have low blood pressure ? check it out.

PATIENT: makes sense. what are pubes?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially the discoloration of a bruise is due to damaged blood vessels and capillaries.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, what is a self-certificate?
DOCTOR: I believe that there are some really good drops you can get from the pharmacy called earcalm ear drops, give them ago they alway seem to work for me, i suffer quite badly with earache.

PATIENT: I disagree. what can i do about menstrual cramps?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: well walking for a long time(like an hour) a day will target that fat that we hate(and i wallways hated walkers) but i stopped running i do abs every day when i wake up and before bed, all kinds i mix it up and dont do the same kinf all the time.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how do the doctors put you braces on?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but because we need protection against pollutants in the air.

PATIENT: yes, but i have swimmers ear how do i get rid of it?
DOCTOR: I think that it's usually the size of the lenses, the width of the piece that covers the bridge of your nose.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. what is the scientific way of determining the sex of a baby?
DOCTOR: A common question. check out any of the medical sites and check out adrenal atrophy.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how come i can't eat?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that find your passion & do it.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. why do men have nipples?
DOCTOR: it means that you will accept any person, regardless of age, creed, illness, disability, etc etc.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. what's "happy" mean?
DOCTOR: well, i agree with the previous two answers.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. what's the origin of the hiv/aids virus?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: estrogen, progesterone and testosterone.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how do i get rid of wrinkles while also reducing oil on my face?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. try relecore to reduce belly fat.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. what is insanity defense?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: take steroids.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how does an orthodontist get a adult tooth out of your gums?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that you are a virgin.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but what is the risk of hiv infection when being the giver of unprotected anal sex?
DOCTOR: Let me think... if it is due to extra water in your ears, which happens alot more than people think, there is an over the counter medication called "swimmers ear" that will help.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. how to get rid of this noises in my head?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: broken fingers rarely go unnoticed.

PATIENT: okay doc. how do i tighten up after intercourse?
DOCTOR: crabs.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case what effects does drinking coffee regularly have on the body?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: it is not the sun that is stopping you from the sneeze, it is the position of your head.

PATIENT: yes, but how can i stop biting my nails?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that some bifocals have a visible line between the two lenses, which can be annoying.

PATIENT: okay doc. why won't my fiancee have sex with me?
DOCTOR: realistically, becides that marijuana is illegal, they get red because of the smoke going to your brain and your eyes is so close to your brain.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how do you measure the caffeine in coffee?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think you have probably developed an allergy to the digestive enzymes and anti-coagulants that the female mosquito injects before sucking blood from your body.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, how do you lighten stretch marks especially on the breast?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that i think from what i've observed that a lot of poor penmanship on the part of doctors can be attributed to the fact that they are always in a hurry.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. what is the quickest way to loose atleast 30 lbs within 2 months or less ?
DOCTOR: You see, http://www.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how painful is a tetanus jab?
DOCTOR: I think that first try using a sports sunscreen, its designed for sweat and wetness.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: what happens if females dont wipe after peeing?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. carbs and lazing around.

PATIENT: but how to find yourself; find the peace within and how to maintain it?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: they have this new stuff out called (frezzaway)wart remover that stuff waorks awsome.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how do you get rid of a cold faster?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially procedures used to prevent the introduction of fungi, bacteria, viruses, mycoplasma or other microorganisms into cell, tissue and organ cultures.

PATIENT: I disagree. why do people suffer from gastritis?what is the best cure?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. injections with a sclerosing agent or ultrasonic ablation - see a general surgeon or plastic surgeon.

PATIENT: yes, but what is a home remedy for gallstone cleansing?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. do research on obstructive sleeping disorders.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how can i stop masterbating?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: you dont see a doctor for crabs ,,,, you can treat that yourself ,, go to a pharmacy they will tell you the right treatment to put on them.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. what are shoewallets?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. go to bed earlier.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. why am i dizzy?
DOCTOR: erm. well... of course, smoke lingers on his hair and clothing.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how a man can avoid premature ejaculation?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, you're going to hate me for this.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how can a male person understand that a female is a virgin or not?
DOCTOR: Let me think... do you mean "staphylococcus aureus"?.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. why does my urine smell foul in my situation?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. high blood pressure?.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. why do the insides of my fingers turn green, eventhough i'm wearing real gold (14k)?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, the only way to build muscle mass is to work your muscles to fatigue, allow proper recovery, and then work them again.

PATIENT: makes sense. why do we get wrinkles in the shower?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: unless you are feeling poorly it is not a major problem to have a lower blood pressure.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: does excess masturbating effect sperm production?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. the idea is that the xl is more like an extra-sustained sustained release.

PATIENT: okay doc. why is my...?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. if you can tolerate pain well, apply some perfume directly onto the cold sore - hurts like blazes but works.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. why does your ob-gyn leave the room when you get undressed?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but u have cavities.

PATIENT: but why do fat people get hungry?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that that count is very low.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, how is "fisting" harmful to women?
DOCTOR: visine.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how do i get rid of my love handles for good?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. heavy coughing, dizzy, headache, could put them in the hospital or unfortunately death.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. why do people get skin tags?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that the first time you have a-n-a-l sex you stretch your a-n-u-s.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how to eliminate body odor aside from taking a bath?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think 1) do not sleep on the back.

PATIENT: I knew it. what are the causes of smoking?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. slow heart rate and an irregular heart beat.

PATIENT: I knew it. what are some pros and cons to a suna?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: genital warts can be treated but not prevented.

PATIENT: makes sense. what to do for burning sensation in eyes?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that a combination of acupuncture (in the scalp) and frequent head massages.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case what are the side effects of diabeties patients?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. it could be tiredness, try sleeping more and covering your eyes.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, how to remove double chin without surgery or medical item?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that go to the doctor.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then why are amiericans so strickt and religious?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. the procedure requires a local anesthetic, with fifty-five percent of men reporting discomfort during the biopsy.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. why girls are beautiful?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that peanut butter.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. how do you get rid of nail-biting habits?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that because smoking sucks.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. what is the difference between a family practice physician and an internal medicine physician?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. definitely check with the dental school nearest you as the students always need patients to work on.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how can i be taller?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, an allergy can't go away , but an infection can , an allergy isn't contageous , it is in your body through genetics an infection isn't introduced in your body through genetics and their are cures out there for them,and they may be contageous!!!.

PATIENT: okay doc. why do my shins hurt when i walk outdoors but not when i use the treadmill?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. kidney stones are formed out of crystals found in the urine.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: what is pseudoarthroza?
DOCTOR: the answer is that bad enough.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. what is moliasis?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. hi,  i have been a personal trainer and a bodybuilder for 25 years.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. do you know how they show the sun....(read more)?
DOCTOR: the answer is that you eat to fast.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how are fibroids diagnosed?
DOCTOR: easy: "oxygen therapy shouldn't be used during pregnancy.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. what is the difference.....?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think pop them.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: why does my child keep getting strep?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: most likely allergies if you just woke up with it.

PATIENT: I knew it. why can't women put on mascara with their mouth closed?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. you can't.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: what does it mean to have high estrogen levels?
DOCTOR: erm. well... try getting these drops called "swimmer's ear.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. what is gold salts?
DOCTOR: for me, one time when i worked for a camp, the camp employees were getting this and someone said it was due to not getting enough vitamins.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so what's the difference between bi-polar and manic depressive?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially agree with sallywag.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. what is a flabatamist?
DOCTOR: Let me think... that is a good question i have always wondered that myself.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how can i loose 30pds in 2 weeks?
DOCTOR: A common question. it is a diet in which the foods you eat have little or no effect on raising your blood sugar levels, which causes your body to produce less insulin (which is a fat hormone, so you don't want your body to be producing too much of it anyway).

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so why is there an increased risk for venous thrombosis after a heart attack?
DOCTOR: realistically, that sounds like a normal weight for that height to me.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how can i get used to boxers?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. how is a nurse related to everyday life.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: why do i get depressed so easily?
DOCTOR: easy: you can buy single lens cases and you should change them frequently just because of the bacteria build-up and you are putting the lenses in your eyes after they soak in these containers.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: what can cause increased nipple sensitivity?
DOCTOR: easy: dont no are you ok.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. how can l get infected with birds flow ?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. if you want your knees to appear lighter, you probably need a product with hydroquinone.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so why does my pepe burn when it comes out?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. you're not pregnant, i'm sure.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so why do people have belly buttons?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: because slavery is abolished and he can do whatever he pleases.

PATIENT: but what is the difference in ecg b/w mobitz type 1&type 2 heart block?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, until death signs can be stress, lathargy, forgetfullness, irritablity and general bad health ie more prone to catching colds, flus etc and longer to cure them.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: what is the quickest way to loose atleast 30 lbs within 2 months or less ?
DOCTOR: well, soak in an aveeno oatmeal bath.

PATIENT: I disagree. how safe is lasik surgery?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: metabolism.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. why do we yawn when we feel sleepy?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. it affects your ability to think.

PATIENT: alright. how do you get rid of gas pains in other parts of the body?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, infection.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how to work and excersice your inner thighs?
DOCTOR: A common question. many people poop alot.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. why can't you take ibuprofen when pregnant?
DOCTOR: You see, reading improves vocabulary and spelling.

PATIENT: but doctor, why is richard simmons gay?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. make sure the razor blade is sharp.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: someone knows how can i find an organic supermarket in ct?
DOCTOR: A common question. the circulation to a particular part of the body has been cut off or extremely slowed.

PATIENT: I knew it. how to crash diet?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. if you want your knees to appear lighter, you probably need a product with hydroquinone.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how thin is too thin?
DOCTOR: well, sometimes artificial sweetners and oils can have a laxative effect.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but why do we have nose hairs and buggers?
DOCTOR: erm. well... it could be an ingrown eyelash; or possibly a peice of debri or something that has gotten stuck in a pore, and infected it.

PATIENT: but how can i stop my hair from turning grey?..naturally?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but just find a bush and pee there.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, how does valtrex help herpes?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. as you know it could be time for your monthly.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. why do some guys have curved penises?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially i don't think you can change that.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. ulcer-ulcer feeling,burning in bolt area where were previously more infection in std.what are the treatments?
DOCTOR: for me, if you find out can you let me know!!!.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: why did my urine smell of sugar puffs cereal?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: imagine wearing a wet mattress between your legs and that will give you some idea of what using a kotex is like.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. how do you prevent high blood sugar?
DOCTOR: realistically, take an oatmeal bath, i do know that there are some over the counter poison ivy treatments.

PATIENT: yes, but how do aloevera protect from acne without adding chemicals to it?
DOCTOR: erm. well... the use of any artificial stimulants is known to increase the chances of the mood swings.

PATIENT: but doctor, what causes sweaty feet and hands in babies?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that rip your skin open and cut them out! works pretty good.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: do situps get rid of belly fat?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think the mirena coil looks like a regular coil, but also releases a very small amount of hormones.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how do i get book to get published?
DOCTOR: erm. well... i used to shape by using the foam nad triple blade machine !! it gives you a very smooth chin !!.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how do i stop biting my cuticles?
DOCTOR: Let me think... lose weight, it's the main cause of sleep apnea, also quit smoking.

PATIENT: I disagree. how to fight a jetlag?
DOCTOR: hmm. about the same as a non-profit.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. what is legionnaires?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: fecal myopia (can't see s**t).

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, why does peroxide foam and bubble when you put it on an infection?
DOCTOR: the answer is that use a lice comb.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. how effective is dhea for enhancing my sex drive, and low testosterone level?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think gargle with warm salt water, warm tea with honey, plenty of fluids.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. what does "blood ties" mean ?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: you cant change it, it will just change on its own.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case if a toothpaste provides cavity protection, why do i still get cavities?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially wwe does not have eyebrows but it raises them.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: why is william's syndrome a genetic disorder?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that over-the-counter cold medicines, including tylenol and sudafed, only treat the symptoms of a cold.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how can you tell if your jaw is out of line?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. drink all the water u can then drink some more.

PATIENT: okay doc. how can i remove an oder from my vigenal area?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, it is an autosomal recessive pattern, and yes it is genetic.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how do you sooth or get rid of a canker sore in your mouth?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. visualization and yoga! imagine in detail that you are exercizing and feel the muscles tense.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case what causes tears on vagina?
DOCTOR: hmm. you have information for  your question on .

PATIENT: that makes no sense! why are my hands always sweaty?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: squats, lunges, kick boxing, run stairs or join a step class, keg curls, leg extentions.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: can i have more information why we can only use once for drinking recycled bottle?
DOCTOR: I think that cranberry is a better preventative but because it is highly acidic and bacteria does not like acid it can help with an infection.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, what does it mean if your pulse ox is measured at 91%?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but i don't know where you live but there is a product called 'oxi action' that is sold under different brands.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. why do you have to be significantly obese to have gastric bypass surgery?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, more information for you:  coxiella burnetii, a bacteria of the rickettsia genus can be found in ticks and also raw milk and goat chees, contaminated animal hides, infected newborn animals and the placentae from these births to name a few sources.

PATIENT: but why do men get aroused after wake from sleep ?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but try working out.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how can i learn massage?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: lumbar spondylosis describes bony overgrowths (osteophytes), predominantly those at the anterior, lateral, and, less commonly, posterior aspects of the superior and inferior margins of vertebral centra (bodies).

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. why did i get bloody ears in my sleep?
DOCTOR: hmm. it could be an ingrown eyelash; or possibly a peice of debri or something that has gotten stuck in a pore, and infected it.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. why do i get dizzy when i eat salty and sweet foods?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. i am so sorry; this sounds like a very frustrating situation.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how to get rid of bone spur on ankles?
DOCTOR: realistically, you don't give much in the way of details, but my mother has celiac sprue, which is an intestinal disorder where her body can not absorb or process gluten, a protein in wheat and some other grains.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. what is pa02?
DOCTOR: simply put, i would think that it means to cause a reaction or  to provoke a particular reaction to a condition.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how do i get rid of my muscle pain?
DOCTOR: Let me think... surprisingly, it was started as a 'mom-and-pop' family practice by dr.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. i have had loose stools for a week...how do i make it stop?
DOCTOR: I believe that saline solution is just salts dissolved in water, whereas with multipurpose solution you could do whatever you like, like cooking drinking, baking, sewing, hiking, gardening, mountaineering, and whatever you want to do with it.

PATIENT: but doctor, how does ciprofloxacin work?
DOCTOR: erm. well... i have been trying, finally i found out that wal mart has tons of 6 packs on sale everyday! no need to exercise when you can buy them right off the rack.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. how to keep the flys off the dog?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. i'm not convinced that wearing a hat will cause baldness.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. what happens when a person never sleep?
DOCTOR: easy: excedrin migraine works great for me.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but what does clonidine do?
DOCTOR: I think that multiple sclerosis.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how to reduce the hairfall naturally?
DOCTOR: well you see, gonorrhea is a sexually transmitted disease (commonly known as "the clap") caused by the bacterium neisseria gonorrhea.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how can i slimdown my upper arms what are the best exercises?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, you may have and std.

PATIENT: okay doc. what is lupus?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, have a few minutes a day on whats called a 'rack'.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but why do chicks get their clit peirced?
DOCTOR: I believe that make a list and cross off each item as you do it.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. why is fybromyalgia not considered work related?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that you can repress your natural urges, but this could cause problems psychologically.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. when colorblind, how does one deal with traffic lights?
DOCTOR: I think that george bush's mother.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! how do u get rid of a bad headack?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think you can exercise your cheeks by doing steps, sit-ups, standing up and putting your leg back, but fat will be reduced through your hole body.

PATIENT: yes, but how is a nurse related to the every day life?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think insufficient rest and sleep.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so what is the effective cure for drooling?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: everybody gets that at some point in their life.

PATIENT: alright. why do people take meth does it make u skinnier?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, well its a tough question .

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how do i find out what i am allergic to?
DOCTOR: erm. well... your dentist should have taught this to you when he/she first gave them toyou.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. what are the negative effects of taking st. johns wort?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially i try to sleep at least 7 hours a night.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: why do they lock gas station bathrooms?
DOCTOR: well you see, depends on the bronchodilator.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! how do i find info on the knee?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: this is a phony disease.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. why is blood red?
DOCTOR: You see, you need to definitely tell your psychiatrist.

PATIENT: I disagree. a friend got a stranger's blood spattered on his (apparently unbroken) skin -- how dangerous is this?
DOCTOR: A common question. you probably have a sinus infection.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. how do i treat a bruised finger?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think please, don't put your health in the hands of an amateur forum.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. why when i exercise do i get pungent gas?
DOCTOR: erm. well... because they are stupid!.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what exercises can you do to reduce hip fat?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, infections acquired outside hospitals can usually be treated with penicillinase-resistant ÃŸ-lactams.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! not a joke at all, why is poop brown some times green why not blue or pink ?
DOCTOR: for me, it is said that you shud massage them daily (cupping).

PATIENT: okay doc. what ove the counter supplement closest to viagra?
DOCTOR: easy: its all in your head, change you thinking, and you'll change your habits, appearance, style, conversation.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how do i search to find if doctor has any lawsuits currently pending?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: dont eat them.

PATIENT: makes sense. what is meant by gonorrhea?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but start by removing food  1 item at a time start with dairy remove it from you diet for a week and see if thats it.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! how i can  make my skin fair as i have pale .why is that.plz help?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think get more sleep and if that's not possible then put cold sliced cucumber on your eyes for an hour or so.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. how can i ejaculate harder?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, sugars are broken down in your stomach by acid, then released into your bloodstream as simple sugars.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but what is ensaids?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. nephritis is a braod term used to describe inflammation of the kidneys.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what causes canker sores?
DOCTOR: Let me think... it could very well be an allergy-- you may be one of these people that has 'chronic allergies'.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how to have bigger natural breasts?
DOCTOR: You see, go to you gp or medical practictioner they'll be best to test for tetnus.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: do i have a hormone problem?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: focus and do well on whats important to you.

PATIENT: but what is the cure for jellyfish stings?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, that happens to me.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: why is there hair in our noses?
DOCTOR: You see, medications only do so much.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. what causes breast cancer?
DOCTOR: hmm. magic johnson found it.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. how often and how bad does everyone have leg and foot cramping?
DOCTOR: for me, htttp://www.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: why do i have a stomach upset after taking in carbohydrates?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that because he can afford hiv medication and therapy that the rest of the world can't.

PATIENT: I knew it. explain in terms of physiology why you have increased salivation shortly before you vomit?
DOCTOR: I think that it has no purpose that's just where the umbilical cord was when you were in your mother's womb.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. why does a persons sight become more focused when you squint?
DOCTOR: You see, there are many bloodvessels in our face.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. i've heard salt can make you retain water?how?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. what's the problem dude - it's perfectly normal to get erections.

PATIENT: I disagree. why have i got a headache?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. i also have had leg cramps, my doctor told me i needed more potassium in my diet i.

PATIENT: alright. what exercises can i do to improve my stamina?
DOCTOR: A common question. i would get a new doctor or see an ob gyn to get a different approach.

PATIENT: okay doc. why can't humans fly?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that i know, it is strange.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so why do men have nipples?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, there's no cure for aids right now.

PATIENT: okay doc. how do i have sex with out becoming pregnant?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. i'm not sure mine have been messed up for awhile if it keeps hapeing go to the doctor irregular periods can cause problems.

PATIENT: okay doc. how to treat eczema?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. excessive exposure to the ultra violet rays.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! why do i keep getting absess's on the left side of my mouth?
DOCTOR: hmm. that sux.

PATIENT: makes sense. what is the fastest/easiest way loss my stomach fat?
DOCTOR: sit ups and cruches and dont forget double crunches.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! how do females orgasm?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially i dont know how long it lasts but i do know that it works cuz i accidentally did it.

PATIENT: yes, but how serious is being in intensive care?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: if your daughter's eye was injured, she should be seen by an eye doctor to make sure no damage was caused.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how to control the bad breath and nasal tract mucous formation?
DOCTOR: relax and think out everything you want to do, and take your time,, it works for me.

PATIENT: alright. how do i shrink my stomach?
DOCTOR: You see, because he's the people's champ! and a chick magnet too.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. what causes your body to twitch?
DOCTOR: for me, try to get an appropriate amount of sleep at least 6 and half hours for an adult per night), eat a balanced diet and avoid caffeine after 2pm.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how do i know if my orthodontist is ripping me off?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. this has to do with the circulation of blood your getting to your pinky! hope this helps.

PATIENT: I knew it. what is insanity defense?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that hick ups happen when your is stomach dry, that's what my science teacher once told me.

PATIENT: but what is diabetes?
DOCTOR: erm. well... sometimes the damage itself can indicate the cause.

PATIENT: I disagree. what is candida albicans?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially the only effective way to lose weight is to burn more calories than you consume.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how would you know the difference between pagets breast cancer & eczema?
DOCTOR: erm. well... unit of heat energy in the metric system.

PATIENT: I knew it. what is heart transplant?where it did started?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think if you're pregnant, a little bit of constipation may be normal.

PATIENT: makes sense. how can you tell the difference between having lack of iron in your body and being diabetic?
DOCTOR: erm. well... a coma is a deep state of unconsciousness, during which an individual is not able to react to their environment.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. i have an iud, spotting 2 weeks before peiod is due, why?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. http://en.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what does it mean to have dry sex?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that if there is an unpleasant odor it can be a sign of a yeast infection.

PATIENT: I knew it. what  could a blood test result of 13.9 white cell count and 9.7 neutro mean?
DOCTOR: well, the caffeine is the same compound in either.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how can i make myself shorter/ decrese my height?
DOCTOR: simply put, if you had a keyhole surgery it will because they blow up your abdoment with carbon dioxide so they can see what they are dojng inside you.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how is the essential oil lily of the valley used?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but that's not a very smart thing to do.

PATIENT: alright. as a girl,how do you masterbate...?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: crest whitestrips are about $25, and they work great.

PATIENT: I disagree. what are the chances of recovery for enlargement of the prostrate?
DOCTOR: the answer is that use a piece of duct tape and press it over the glass chard.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. what is l-arginene?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, well try to get someone to call for help.

PATIENT: okay doc. how diets affect athletic performances?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: believe it or not, coffee.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. i have to have a "complete physical exam" what exactly do they do, and what makes it "complete".
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: i have been working the night shift for more than 20 years.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. how can i found out if i got approved for ssi?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially have the dermotologist freeze it off.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then what is a cure for cholesterol?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, my boss has gone down from 204 to 183 in about 4 weeks.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: why do the muscles around the eye sometimes glinch?
DOCTOR: I believe that put this on the plate for your class and i swear it is true.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how can i stop myself from sucking my thumb?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but it is caused by a vasovagal reaction where your heart beat slows down and your blood pressure drops causing less blood flow to the brain.

PATIENT: yes, but how do you get rid of old scars?
DOCTOR: easy: squirting in regards to sex is when a female has an orgasm and it squirts out instead of just leaking out.

PATIENT: I knew it. how to help indian girls have orgasm?
DOCTOR: hmm. because it hurts? if so, see a doctor.

PATIENT: but doctor, why would someone sleep 12 hours a day?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that lmao!! its ok.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how do i locate my shoulder back into place?
DOCTOR: erm. well... sorry, but height is all about genetics.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how can i start a career in sexual education?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially intercourse shouldn't hurt after a hysterectomy.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: why is it said that mosquitoes cannot transmit hiv when they transmit malaria; is blood not the medium used?
DOCTOR: the answer is that interestingly enough when you lose weight all over your body, you will lose weight in your face.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how can gain weight?
DOCTOR: well, everytime i come home my 7 month old see's me and smiles so big she drools everywhere and then she throws her arms up in the air because she wants me to hold her!  there's nothing more satisfying!.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how do i get rid of skin tags?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, when you have to squint to see objects or recognise people from a distance.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so i'm too slim, so could you pleas tell me how to get fat?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: hmmm.

PATIENT: I knew it. i dont  take birthcontrol  for 1 month,i wanna start again, how i have to take it?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think i have taken lexipro for about a year.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. if ace bandage is applied to tight what damage can occureand how long before damage is done?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. though there may be natural body phenomena, that's not what the doctor is looking for.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. why is blood red?
DOCTOR: for me, add it to fruit juice.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. how do i reduce the redness and irritation of bumps on my neck after shaving?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. having a varicose seal ( which is a blockage which does not allow sperm or some sperm to pass through ) does not necessarily mean he is sterile, it would depend on the severity etc.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how does one keep from sharting in his drawers?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: probaly from straining.

PATIENT: yes, but what do i do?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. you go to school for it.

PATIENT: alright. any one know how to remove tics froma human and how to avoid them?
DOCTOR: the answer is that brain tumors, like any tumors, are caused by uncontrolled cell division and reproduction.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. what are some easy ways to get a toddler to go to sleep without being mean?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. im not a doctor but somedays i too get some leg pain but i do stand up for around 12 hours a day with hardly any rest.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. what is lexapro?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: sounds to me like you are just a type of person that likes to plan ahead.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. what is the dinfinition of beauty?
DOCTOR: I think that mta long island bus .

PATIENT: alright. why is glycerin used in bodywash?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. put soap in the center and rub it against your skin.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how do i prevent my sunburn from pealing?
DOCTOR: the answer is that a pool in roman style (a building style the romans used).

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how do i get rid of blackheads?
DOCTOR: realistically, don't wait for symptoms to start.

PATIENT: but how do i know if i have a concussion?
DOCTOR: I believe that it is a funny thing when most husband walk into a room where the wife is getting prepared for the day or evening and ask "why you make such a face just to put on some make up? my reply : the sam e way when men shave they make such funny faces .

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: why am i irregular, meaning having a bowel movement?
DOCTOR: Let me think... can't.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then why is there blood on my tissue when i wipe after taking a #2?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. i told you how to do it, check the first time you asked !!!.

PATIENT: okay doc. why did i get a nosebleed in the middle of the night?
DOCTOR: You see, listen to swimmom.

PATIENT: but doctor, how should i stop by bad breathings?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. i was diagnosed with an anxiety disorder a few years ago and had a relatively easy time getting it treated.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but what is the vacssectomy?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, stop worrying so much.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: what is a home remedy to cure nausea?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. i doubt it's the coffee.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how to fight a jetlag?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that a fever is your body's natural way of cooling you down;  it is trying to release the excess heat.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: why is it hard to find the time to workout?
DOCTOR: hmm. stess maybe i get bad migraines.

PATIENT: okay doc. how do you treat staphylococcus simulans infections?
DOCTOR: simply put, the romans swore on body massage for reducing fatty areas.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how to keep knees straight?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, sprinting help to cut down run time.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. what is the purpose of a strength training program for cheerleaders?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. free weights= plates of weights that u can put on a bar.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: what causes cheek numbness?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. start exercising - walk 20 -30 minutes a day, cut down on sugar, eat more mini meals and drink more fluids (water, diet cola, sugar free tea).

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how effective is the pill?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. not much detail in this question, but i'll take a shot.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: why are cnas (certified nursing assistants)under appreciated?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that well first off how much water or other fluids do you consume? cut down.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so why does my face tingle and get numb when i drink alcohol?
DOCTOR: I think that eat oats my mom did it and hers dropped alot.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, can females become sexually aroused without creating some type of vaginal secretion within their bodies?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, slowly add calories back.

PATIENT: alright. why do i move my legs a lot when i sleep, and not be able to sleep good because i never feel comfortable?
DOCTOR: You see, it is unclear why a person develops a brain aneurysm.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how have people felt after being sick for 4 months with intestinal parasites?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think you really do need to consult a specialist.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how can i help my grandma prevent memory loss?
DOCTOR: easy: the cans they have been sitting in.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what is sexual encounter?
DOCTOR: Let me think... try getting out, and meeting people.

PATIENT: okay doc. what is the difference between a pimple and a boil?
DOCTOR: I think that i shake my head violently until it 'flies' out.

PATIENT: okay doc. how can sleep well?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but there are meditations and other exercises to improve your situation.

PATIENT: but how wiggling helps from fainting?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: height and growth go on from the birth until adolescence.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: what could go wrong on why i haven't gotten my period yet?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially i agree it is called lucid dreaming.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how is the best way to stop smoking?
DOCTOR: realistically, because you are placing unnecessary strain on your eyes.

PATIENT: makes sense. what exactly are boils, how do you recognize them, how do you prevent them and how do you get rid of them?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, call one up and ask them.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but why is my nipple piercing still sore?
DOCTOR: well, sometimes soar throat pain comes from strep--gargle with salt water strep hates salt.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how does gatorade work?
DOCTOR: easy: dr,david j.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how to get rid of a bad belly ache?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but squeeze anything and everything down below and then let go.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then what does the thyroid do?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. if you are fairly young then it will not be too risky.

PATIENT: I disagree. what is the g-spot?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: not at all.

PATIENT: but what organs do impacted bowels destroy?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that cold touched roof of mouth, causing brain to go crazy in order to keep you warm.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so why do some people call ciggarettes squares and do ciggarettes get you higher?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, ear problems only:  otologist  (oto = ears).

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how can we do an awesome sex?
DOCTOR: simply put, i believe it is for migraines.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how is sniffing glue related from drugs?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, stat: medical term used to imply urgent or rush.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how bad are my eyes if i was prescribed glasses that are -5.00?
DOCTOR: You see, don't do it yourself.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how to avoide cold?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think some of the answers are not very fair, because many of us have measured puberty by our peers progression of same,those who have told you it starts at various stages are correct, give yourself time you are still very young, you say you have arm and thigh hair,so you see your on the way.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how do i go about seeing a urologist?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. i've heard of dry humping.

PATIENT: makes sense. if u have a slight history of throwing-up, what are the after effects?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that use exfoliant once a week.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: what do i do?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that get to the doctor like yesterday.

PATIENT: alright. what plant does aspirin originate from?
DOCTOR: simply put, cloudy urine is either a sign of a urinary tract infection which can be diagnosed and treated by most any health clinics (milder cases by drinking plenty of cranberry juice), or it could be a build up of uric acid from overexercising, rapid weight lose, low fluid intake, or obesity.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. what is cocciclusters?
DOCTOR: A common question. weight gain , teeth problems .

PATIENT: that makes no sense! how can i treat acne without any side effect my skin is to oily?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but go to the doctor.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! how can obesity affect people's education?
DOCTOR: erm. well... there are contacts on the market that are made especially for dry eye patients (cooper's proclear lenses).

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how do you keep hemoroids pain free?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. originally this controversy centered around women getting infections (secondary infections-not because the implant was contaminated) under the skin at the site of the implant.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. how do i know if i have a concussion?
DOCTOR: I think that refeeding .

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. how do u lose the fat are ur hips?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: you probably want to ask this question a different way.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how to treat an eye infection?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: some girls pretend.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so why do i sometimes see 'stars' when i sneeze real hard?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: oops i did it again, i sneezed when my eyes.

PATIENT: but doctor, what is female orgasm and how does it occur?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. lock your family up in a room far away from people.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! how can you correct bell's palsy?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that hemangioma in the leg is a very rare site of the body to appear.

PATIENT: I knew it. is lasik a safe way to get rid of glasses?
DOCTOR: well you see, onychomycosis is a fungal infection that causes fingernails or toenails to thicken, discolor, disfigure, and split.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, how can i prevent lung cancer?
DOCTOR: realistically, don't smoke is the only way.

PATIENT: but doctor, what causes nausea?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: sorry, don't know what a ******* is.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. what is sex?
DOCTOR: You see, could be ulcerative colitis.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, how do i get rid of parasitic intestinal worms without going to a doctor?
DOCTOR: well, maybe  its just that.

PATIENT: but why do they sterilise the needle for lethal injections?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. you might need to have your sinus drained.

PATIENT: but doctor, how can i last longer when haveing sex?
DOCTOR: I believe that call doctor kevorkian!.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so what excersise should i do to shrink the belly?
DOCTOR: realistically, karate iz really gud.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, i need suggestions on how to decorate a pediatric waiting room?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, well, this is the time that she's gonna need you the most.

PATIENT: yes, but why is my foot swollen and bruised?
DOCTOR: what i do is to take a clean paper towel and rub my gums with it.

PATIENT: but doctor, how to lose 20 pounds in 4 weeks?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, my mother described suffering an affair like losing a loved one in death.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, how to loose weight?
DOCTOR: well, theres quite a few 'no win, no pay' companies that will consider taking your case if they feel they can win it for you.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: what are the health benefits of taking niacin?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, walk at night to and try a lowcarb diet.

PATIENT: alright. how do i get rid of unwanted hair  on my chin, face, breast,stomacth for good.i am a women?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. hard to say what red spot is.

PATIENT: yes, but do you have any idea how to do an effective exercise lose some fat in my thighs?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but ur teeth are just slow growers dont worry they still have roots.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so what is root canal?
DOCTOR: I think that thirst, peeing a lot, tingling in extremeties, cuts don't heal quickly, insomnia.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. what medication can you priscribe for the cure of typhoid fever in a patient?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. huh, my vision becomes blurry? wtf.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how can u tell if a condom is stuck inside of u?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially alternating moods of hyper and depressed.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. what is the ill-effect of late marriage?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: one in nose! :-)yaaaaaaaaay!!!!.

PATIENT: makes sense. what's an easy way to start working out again?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that i use coco butter with vitamin e twice a day once in the morning and once at night before bed.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how to get a good night's sleep without drugs?
DOCTOR: well, disability is a lifelong issue.

PATIENT: but what is hiv?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: it definitely sounds like your allergies are affecting your eyes.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, what causes beer legs?
DOCTOR: easy: because you use it too much.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how can aloe vera be taken orally ?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: i read an article that putting a small piece of duct tape on the wart will eventually get rid of it.

PATIENT: makes sense. why is a black man walking down my street  singing?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think when you consume lesser calories, you are are still supplying your bodies needs.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. what is lertamine?
DOCTOR: hmm. london would be correct here.

PATIENT: I disagree. how do i develop lean, defined muscles instead of bulky ones?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, too many simple carbs.

PATIENT: yes, but i have a taste bud that is swollen what do i do?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think genuis is right all of those methods work      also cut back on sugar and if it still dosn't work you may want to see a dermatologist or your doctor.

PATIENT: makes sense. how can a recovering alcoholic begin to repair the damage they have done to their bodies?
DOCTOR: easy: poop infected with hep a to your mouth.

PATIENT: makes sense. how do you get rid of the irritation from using a hair remover on your bikini area?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, i like swimming and aerobic.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. what is baby colit?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that yes what he said but a chest dip is a little bit more tweaked.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how to get rid of pimples on your nose?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but it's a panorex x-ray.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. what are the chances of getting an eye infection with contact lenses?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. perhaps you want me to answer because you are secretly in love with me.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: why is it bi-polar disorder now instead of manic depression?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that here are some of the things i've heard:.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. why is my sperm so  white?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. antibacterial, systemic.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. how to avoid being exposed to estrogen?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. yeah you need to be waaaaaay more specific on that one.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: what happens fisically when we are happy?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, if you can't get a girl to help you then try and do it yourself.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how do i get rid of hyperpigmentation on my upper lip?
DOCTOR: well you see, have you been to the dentist to check that you do not have a tooth problem?.

PATIENT: but doctor, why a person penis is getting small when he mastubate regularly and what is way back to get back its original?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: you can clean her eyes using a cotton ball dipped in warm water.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case why is it...?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. it sounds like you have a self fullfilling prophesy called fear of failure.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! how can i get taller?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but that is not possible, there is no way you can make your teeth come in faster(from what i heard anyway).

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. why does your mouth smell so bad when you wake up?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially its an hmo.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case why do we sleep lying down?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. fear of fire.

PATIENT: makes sense. how to transmit influenza?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, sweat, dirt.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. how do you get the flint out of your bellybutton?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: inhaled insulin is an alternative to insulin injections or pumps as a way to treat insulin dependent diabetes.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, how to loose the lbs quick?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think multiple sclerosis.

PATIENT: alright. i have scar tissue from cesarean birth, what can i do?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially you have to be determined and there needs to be a consequence that will prevent you from falling off the wagon and tell everyone you know so that they will help you keep your goal and go "cold turkey"! .

PATIENT: okay doc. what are boils, how do people get them and where do they come from?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. practice!  practice!  practice!.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how can you overcome grief and sorrow?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. by posting questions in the wrong category,  you need to get to a clinic right away.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so why do people answer without photos?
DOCTOR: use crest whitening strips.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. how can i soothe a pinched nerve?
DOCTOR: the answer is that that's pretty gross, but you can stop by just telling yourself to stop.

PATIENT: yes, but why do i get the hiccups when i drink soda?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that i would have to show you, personaly.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: what is a doctor thats a specialist in spleen disorders?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially find a guy with bigger hands.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. what is the vacssectomy?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. syncope (sin'ko-pe) is temporary loss of consciousness and posture, described as "fainting" or "passing out.

PATIENT: makes sense. why am i getting cramps in my thighs, i try to walk them out but,the pain is horrible,why am i getting cramps?
DOCTOR: well, pain = something is wrong.

PATIENT: yes, but why do my feet swell on airplanes?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, lol.

PATIENT: alright. why do my teeth bleed when i floss them?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. viagra actually does help.

PATIENT: I knew it. what are the effects of neumonia on children?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that learn them how to spell, it'll put them in better stead than their nice teeth.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but i understand why habitual people smoke what i dont get is why the young generation so into smoking?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that soak in a hot tub of water with one cup.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: why does my foot hurt when i swim?
DOCTOR: well, maybe you are stressed.

PATIENT: I disagree. why do i always feel fat?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, try holding your breath for 20 seconds.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how do i cure the hiccups?
DOCTOR: well you see, i think it just is the opposite.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how to get ridd of caffeine addiction?
DOCTOR: for me, try applying sebo de macho (i'm not sure what it's called in english, and i don't know if they sell it in the stetes.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! how do you get rid of fat on your inner legs?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think that is a good question i have always wondered that myself.

PATIENT: I disagree. how to get rid of pimples without costing large amount of money?
DOCTOR: I think that that's not a quesiton its a fragment this is a run on.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. what are the reactions between anesthesia and psychiatric drugs?
DOCTOR: easy: it is to check the testies have left the inner body and that they are now in there correct place.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. how do you get canker sores?
DOCTOR: A common question. you lose weight, you use your joints and muscles, tones your body.

PATIENT: I knew it. what is moliasis?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. have you been to the dentist to check that you do not have a tooth problem?.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how i can  give vigra?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. con--if you are predisposed to lymphedema (leg swelling), heat rooms can trigger this progressive condition that worsens over time.

PATIENT: I knew it. what mens have to do to look handsome?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: emergencies having to do with the eye.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! why don't doctors like giving testosterone injections?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that snot flying everywhere.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. what are the possible causes of thigh and leg cramps and how and what is the course of treatment?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially quit spanking it so much.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. why there is hair on woman's nipple?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but rise out your mouth and throat with warm salted water.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. what causes the rash with poison ivy?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially something about, .

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how does vitamin c work in boosting immunity?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. it all depeds on the person.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how do you solve snoring?
DOCTOR: Let me think... stupid!!! there is no reason to start smoking these days after all is known about the dangers and harm it causes the body.

PATIENT: I knew it. how do you make your boobs get bigger?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. do you feel depressed lately?.

PATIENT: yes, but what is a quick relief for a sunburn?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: the disadvantages of being a vegearian(sic) are numerous, the main one being the holier than thou attitude they seem to develop.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! how do i know the weight the is right for myself?
DOCTOR: well you see, i used to get bad headaches when i was training and my trainer was also a chiropractor he took me aside and did something to my neck he cracked it or something and never had another headache training.

PATIENT: alright. why do some people faint at the sight of blood?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. i tried not eating for 4 days and so far it was ok, i drank of course but never eaten.

PATIENT: yes, but how do i reduce my underarm sweating without putting deoderent on all day?
DOCTOR: Let me think... i'll tell you tomorrow.

PATIENT: makes sense. what causes an icecream headache?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. rbc-red blood cells; the hpf is high-powered field.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. what side effects of diebetes?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. rip your skin open and cut them out! works pretty good.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. what is nitrofurantoin-macro and its side effects?
DOCTOR: I think that how can you actually believe that it "sucks to be you," when you have brought a new life into the world? .

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: what is a sliver?
DOCTOR: Let me think... get some sasilic acid from the doc.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: why would one eyelid have a near constant twitch?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. telepathy is the communication of the mind that isn't, shall we say.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how i can  make my skin fair as i have pale .why is that.plz help?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think herpes simplex type 1, infects its host permanently, "hibernating" in the trigeminal ganglion (a collection of nerve cells near the ear) between outbreaks.

PATIENT: makes sense. how do i get rid of breast hair?
DOCTOR: the answer is that do you mean herceptin? herceptin is the first humanized antibody approved for the treatment of her2 positive metastatic breast cancer.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so why girls are beautiful?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but i am sorry i cannot answer that.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case why do you get the mucus in your eyes?
DOCTOR: well you see, warm bath (not too hot, that can cause hemorrhaging) and exercise (sit-ups).

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. how can i remember my dreams?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: leave them alone, over time they go away.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how can i get rid of dark spots?
DOCTOR: hmm. you probably have an upper respiratory infection (bronchitis or pneumonia).

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how well does father johns cough syrup work?
DOCTOR: hmm. i have no idea.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, what is appendicitis?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. it can be nerves my son did it years ago then stopped ,then after being in hurricane katrina it came back for a few weeks.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. what is the reason of the black or brown colour under the eyes is it the coffee?
DOCTOR: for me, when you feel sleepy, just walk briskly for 5 min.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. what is saterday night syndrome?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. women grow facial hair due to the imbalance of hormones in their body.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so what food to fight emotional eating?
DOCTOR: well you see, my daughter wore colored contacts for years, they can be safe but because they don't allow as much oxygen through they can do a lot of damage to your corneas if left in too long, and also if they are not the prescription type they let in even less oxygen.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, why do some people faint at the sight of blood?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that medical practitioners, general internist, pediatricians, etc, will perform an easy q&a test that could involve flash cards, picture cards-they rate your answers based on how you perceive and express yourself.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: why does my cat's breath smell like cat food?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, =the fist place i would start is with my family doctor for a complete physical to rule out a medical problem.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how to increase sence of humor?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. become a volunteer.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so what are the symptoms of a bone bruise and how do you know if you have one?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, you would become very sick.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, why is my foot so painful?
DOCTOR: well you see, lmao!! its ok.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so why do i have dry eyes , even though i keep using eyedrops?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially because air builds up inside us.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how can i have more self confidence?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that excedrin migraine.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. why do people get goosebumps when they are cold?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, hard.

PATIENT: makes sense. why do some people get white spots on their finger nails?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. another method is known as jelqing (or jelquing).

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how can i easily gain weight?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. if you use hypnosis to recall forgotten events you can actually create memories of things that did not happen.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how can i gain weight?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. make a paste with some baking soda and water, rub it in and then wash the shirts as usual.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, how to do the perfect stomach crunch?
DOCTOR: A common question. well if you feel nothing at all you either genuinely don't care or are apathetic because you are severely depressed.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how to be thin in just 1 week?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. scientists are also working to better understand sleep mechanisms and the physical and psychological effects of sleep deprivation and to develop better ways of measuring sleepiness and cataplexy.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: why isn't being fat a disability?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. first i wanna tell you that you have very pretty arms and they are ok.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but is there any way to get rid of stretch marks?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that chronic non-consolidation.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how can i stop masterbation?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think only a medical exam can say for sure.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, what are the harmfull effects of  handpractice?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: get shaving cream or shampoo lather your legs and armpits up get a razor and shave in a up motion with your legs and a done motion with your arm pits.

PATIENT: but doctor, how do i learn more?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, it doesn't affect african american teenagers any differently than it would teenagers of different races.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. on finding nemo, dory has short term memory loss...well my question is how does she remember that?
DOCTOR: for me, nothing.

PATIENT: but doctor, how do you grow taller?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: alot of medical research companies have free testing for certain types of illnesses.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. what is dypraxa?
DOCTOR: I believe that by having a positive hiv test!  .

PATIENT: but doctor, what do you know about "chicoungounnia" what are its effect?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but use a combination of research literature as well as personal accounts from patients, famly of patients, doctors who perform surgery, and bioethicists.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. how do i know if i am insane?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. you may have built enough muscle with the trainer that you burn more calories than you had before.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how do i quicken sore muscle recovery?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. b/c the food u ate tasted good b/c it probably had flavor additives in it! and those make ur farts smell like something wicked! that and beans.

PATIENT: but doctor, why is it needed to see susceptibility of microorganism to antibiotics be for its administration?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. i do not know, but shake hands with that hand and if the elbow hurts by the shaking, you may have tennis elbow.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how do you know if is some one is high of crack?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: first off your usin a really dule razor get a new 1 .

PATIENT: I suspected as much. what causes gray hairs?
DOCTOR: You see, both sex's have it but males have more of it .

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how do i stop surfing the internet at work?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. this is caused by damage to the blood vessels, as feet are the furthest away from the heart it is hard enough anyway, without blood vessels being damaged.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how can i tell if i am diabetic with out a blood test ?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but that the thyroid is making too much throxine and you have what is medically known as hyperthyroidism.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. why does my knee crack when i bend my leg?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. our skin has a defense system that makes us aware of annoying things that touch our body.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: why people yawn?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, stop worrying so much.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. how does hyperthyroid affects the married or the sexual life?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that physical abuse from alcoholic parents, but they passed on and i was adopted by friend's family (different race even) and i am a better person because of it.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how effective is the tony little gazelle?
DOCTOR: easy: i personally pull them out - have done for years.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how can i loose 20 pounds in 2 weeks?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. "genital hpv infection is a sexually transmitted disease (std) that is caused by human papillomavirus (hpv).

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. how are drug test determined?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. wow!!!.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: whats the quick way to get rid of blackheads?
DOCTOR: erm. well... the only way this is possible is if you had an underlying hematoma - blunt force trauma or skull fracture.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what is cure for dandruff wounds in the scalp?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think it depends why your unhappy in the first place.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how can women tighten their vigina's without surgury?
DOCTOR: I believe that rise out your mouth and throat with warm salted water.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how do i get rid of a stuffy nose?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that actually, we have mucous to protect ourselves from disease.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how can i get abs and how does it take?
DOCTOR: I think that i try to sleep at least 7 hours a night.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how do you safely launder clothing saturated with gas or diesel?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, use tums, or drink a glass of milk.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. men, how does sex effect your glucose reading?
DOCTOR: You see, why? i have a better time in my dreams than i do in reality.

PATIENT: I disagree. what causes a blockage in the nasal cavity?
DOCTOR: I think that i guess you mean friction rub, and it is heard with a stethoscope.

PATIENT: alright. how can i prevent disease without taking medicines?
DOCTOR: easy: nitrous oxide, few deep breaths and you'll know why they call it laughing gas.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how can i loose 10 lbs in just a few days?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think rotaviruses are a genus of viruses belonging to the reoviridae family.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: what are some reasons for breast lactation besides pregnancy?
DOCTOR: easy: thrombocytopenia is any disorder in which there are not enough platelets.

PATIENT: yes, but what needs to be done to reduce a paunch?
DOCTOR: hmm. that's how you start -  run for a minute or so and then rest and then run again.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how do i solve the medical condition of premature ejaculation?
DOCTOR: the answer is that call the suicide help line there is hope don't give up on life just cause things are gloomy now don't mean your future can't be bright.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so why steroids are banned?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: bundle up when it's cold outside.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. what is a hernia nissen fundoplication, gastrostomy?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. i haven't quite overcome really anything in life, but i can say why life sucks.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. what do you do when you have bad cramps?
DOCTOR: easy: you can't.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. why when i sneeze i see sqiggily lines that look like transparent worms?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, it refers to a group of disorders pertaining to the cardiovascular system (heart & the blood vessels) like heart attack, stroke,etc.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. how do i control my eating habits?
DOCTOR: Let me think... research has shown that covering the wart with duct tape may remove it, but it takes a very long time (a period of weeks, i think).

PATIENT: okay. so, then: what is the meaning of health?
DOCTOR: for me, the hiv virus is always present in all excretions of hiv infected person.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: what allergy eye drops can i buy to relieve itchy eyes due to the high pollen count during the summer?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially anteroseptal (anÂ·teroÂ·sepÂ·tal)  (anâ€tÉ™r-o-sepÂ´tÉ™l)  situated in front of a septum, particularly the atrioventricular septum.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. why do i feel more fat now...?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: everything.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so what are  the effects of drug use?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that to build self discipline, i meditate evry day after school.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how can i gain more muscle or get ripped without steroids?
DOCTOR: simply put, one possible explanation is that it is what's known as a placebo, a harmless substance used in medical research.

PATIENT: I knew it. how does interferonalpha2a and ribavirin work to kill hcv virus?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, vitamins b12 complex may help.

PATIENT: okay doc. how can i cure myself of internet addiction?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think gabapentin is one of the new classes of antiepileptic drugs, it is an analog of gaba(a neurotransmitter)it mainly prevents repetitive firing in the brain that causes the attacks.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, what do you do about bleeding hemorrhoids?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but the g-spot is the best feeling when you  have atleast 2 in idk why but it makes you feel like you have to pee n it feels great!! idk just do what the woman wants! we know what we want.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what are the side-effects of the hormone steroids, dhea and/or pregnonolone?-disadvantages only please...?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, abs can be trained just about every day, unlike most other muscle groups.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: what determine's ones personality?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think i thought running was one of best exercises.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how do i get my finger nails to stop from cracking down the middle?
DOCTOR: easy: i'm not convinced that wearing a hat will cause baldness.

PATIENT: alright. why might my eyes be watering so much?
DOCTOR: well you see, they match the dna that's produced in the bone marrow.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. why a pharmacist gives cafein to the patient?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that you have to asses the patient for food allergies and,diseases.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how is a dna test carried out,i mean wot is used eg blood,sperm,e t c.?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially dementia is the deterioration of intellectual faculties, such as, memory, concentration, and judgement, resulting from an organic disease or a disorder of the brain.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but why do ladies have food cravings when they are pregnant?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but be creative.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how can the physical pain of intercourse be reduced especially in the first try?
DOCTOR: I think that if you have fatty liver, it can be from drinking heavily or drinking massive amounts of soda.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how can you get rid of the fat around your lower abs?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. go to a dermatologist.

PATIENT: I disagree. why does sleeping on my back give me nightmares?
DOCTOR: hav is found in the stool (feces) of persons with hepatitis a.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so why do my eyes water up so much?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. it makes your heart, lungs, muscles and whole body work better.

PATIENT: but what are the causes of std?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. water fills you up so your not as hungry.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, what is allergic bronchitis?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, your work should have copies, if not i would just write a note to work, and say that you are off sick.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. how does somebody get urinary tract infection?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: if you're curious about whether or not you'd get high.

PATIENT: I disagree. what are some good exercises to tone up my upper arms?
DOCTOR: I believe that what does stritch mean? and what is a vergina?.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. what is definition of spouse abuse?
DOCTOR: I believe that all of them are physically addictive, but some have a lower potential for abuse.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how do you limit dingle berries?
DOCTOR: well you see, a touch of melaleuca oil (tea tree) and the sore will stop hurting and start healing.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how come when i wake up..?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. sounds like you have photosensitivity.

PATIENT: I knew it. when i walk on the treadmill i keep my pulse around 110 beats a second-why can i only go slow?
DOCTOR: Let me think... it is porbably worth gargling with some warm salty water twice a day.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how do u get rid of headaches and neckaches?
DOCTOR: I think that its a  lotion used to treat  rashes and bites but  caladryl is better its got benedrly in it to help numb and fight the itch or just get benedryl lotion at thr drug store also the oatmeal based products help trheres a bath and a cream or lotion that stops the itching from poison ivy and also chicken pox and measles talk to a pharmacist for more ideas.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case why am i always sleepy at day and night?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: tylenol extra strength and wet a cloth towel with cold water, lay down and try to sleep it off.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how can i help my boyfriend to quit smoking marijuana?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but a single-celled parasite called toxoplasma gondii causes a disease known as toxoplasmosis.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how do u get rid of a tooth ache?
DOCTOR: You see, nicotine is physically addicting.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how can i stop thinning hair?
DOCTOR: the answer is that it is just chemistry.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so what is....?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: cocaine, both in powder form and as crack, is an extremely addictive stimulant.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. why do i have a ridge on my fingernail?
DOCTOR: erm. well... from accidents.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. why does turkey cause stomach issues?
DOCTOR: erm. well... eat before bed.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: what causes an itch?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but the best thing to do is to build muscle mass; that way you will be in good shape and look bigger.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! why when i asked to get checked for stds my dr. only tested me (without my knowledge) for?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that clenbuterol is a chemical commonly prescribed to sufferers of breathing disorders as a decongestant and bronchodilator.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so um, i might have a cold sore, how to cure?
DOCTOR: well, it's the salty white love wee that comes out of the end of a man's willy.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how to get ride of mosqitoes bite marks ?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but urine infection,uti, kidney infection, std, this is just a few things go to the dr!.

PATIENT: but what does "see leaflet" mean on ept pregnancy test?
DOCTOR: simply put, eat more fruits and vegetables.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how to get high?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: everyone should be concerned about the intake of fats and cholesterol.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so what does it mean when someone says that they are cutting their gums?
DOCTOR: You see, the safest way is rub some milkweed on it.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, what is the difference between hormonal and non hormonal birth control pills?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. try slices of cucumber.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, when i shave my bikini line i get little red bumps, what can i do to not have them?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. quality matters more than size.

PATIENT: yes, but i have a low metabelism...what can i do?
DOCTOR: I believe that the tendency to bloat is due the fact that the abdominal covity was open to air, allowing free air to enter, causing the bloating and distentiion.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but why when i asked to get checked for stds my dr. only tested me (without my knowledge) for?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, yawning is actually a lack of oxygen.

PATIENT: alright. so we're meant to drink 8 glasses of water a day...but how big is the glass?
DOCTOR: hmm. i also think it was playtex that was advertising half sizes.

PATIENT: makes sense. how come i can curl 70 pounds 10 times for three sets but can only do a max of 6 chin ups?
DOCTOR: realistically, viewing will have to be done by a drawing.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! how can i become a masseuse?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. you only sleep for 35-40 minutes?  i think you should see a doctor about sleep disorders.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, what are the benefits and side effects of a bikini wax?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. loss of taste and smell is a classic sign of zinc deficiency.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. what is the best way to get rid of stomach gas?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, everything we do or think is dictated by a neurologic pathway.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: what does it mean when vision becomes distorted shapes and fuzzy?
DOCTOR: simply put, probably because all their hair follicles were  destroyed.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. how do you pick a good doctor?
DOCTOR: You see, be well-groomed, so at least u look sharp and smart.

PATIENT: makes sense. why do your muscles ache after doing excercise?
DOCTOR: well, go see a dr.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. how do you stop a child from biting her nails?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, dd could mean developmentally delayed.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how do we get up early in the morning without alarm?
DOCTOR: realistically, it could be a stress harmone called cortisol, that will cause belly fat.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how to break bad eating habits?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: most whitening toothpastes comes with peroxide and baking soda or a combination of the two.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how do i turn all of my body weight into muscle?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that scrub it out with your toothbrush.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case why do people sneeze sometimes when they look into the sun?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, the feelings of anger and sadness (either one could mean "upset") cause actual physical changes and i suppose that causes your voice to change.

PATIENT: I disagree. how do i heal a chipped elbow ?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. i use witch hazel on my skin and it works wonders.

PATIENT: but why are energy drinks bad and unhealthy?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that the body has several metabolic filtering systems and the pancreas is one of them.

PATIENT: I disagree. how do most adolescants get overweight?
DOCTOR: a lot of them don't have the same coordination skills as the non mentally challenged.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case what is the effect of the radiotherapy on the companions of the  brain cancer patient?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think you are used to taking in sugar and carbs for energy, the only problem is the energy you get from sugar doesn't last so you have to keep eating them through out the day.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but what is a low cal salad dressing i can make at home?
DOCTOR: You see, your body is releasing excess heat as a way to regulate body temperature.

PATIENT: I disagree. what does anesthesia gas smell like?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. put your finger in his butt and tell him his mouth smells worse than your finger.

PATIENT: alright. what is epiglottitis?
DOCTOR: i think people think much less about stds and more about the pleasure of sex.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so what causes your body to twitch?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but you're stuck in circular logic: how do you not think of a giraffe with pickles for legs? doh! instead why don't you try figuring out how to live with living for yourself, since killing yourself is ironically an act of self-intrest anyways.

PATIENT: I knew it. how to control incontinence?
DOCTOR: simply put, yes it's normal.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how can i get rid of ringworm?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think chemical name: sildenafil citrate.

PATIENT: I knew it. why does weight training build bone mass?
DOCTOR: well you see, i don't even know where to start.

PATIENT: okay doc. why do atheletes get cramps during physical activites and how od u stop them?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, i used to have the same problem, i'll say the best way to get rid the blister is to rinse regularly using antisheptic mouth rinse after meal and before bed time and apply "watermelon frost" (a chinese medicine that u can get at any chinese convenient store) on the blister after using the mouth rinse.

PATIENT: I disagree. what is my problem?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. lack of condoms, lack of knowledge, lack of resources to hand out condoms and knowledge.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. why do girls have guy friends?
DOCTOR: the answer is that go to the drugstore and buy simply saline nose spray.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: why would a doctor rx depicote to a person with only headaches?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, (m).

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how to relieve pressure in the eye and to stop the bleeding in the eye caused by diabetes?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think drinking or eating citrus (oranges for example) in the morning will speed up your metabolism.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, missy peregrym how do i get a body like her from stick it?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. i have fibromyalgia.

PATIENT: but why does my boyfriend have bumps on his dick?
DOCTOR: easy: please take the time to.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. how to make your breasts bigger?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially let me come and do it!.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how do you avoid accidental involuntary farting?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: if you want to see what the penis of jesus looked like, you have to see a circumcised one.

PATIENT: makes sense. how do you distinquish between heart attach and heartburn?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. do leg exercises to tone them down.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so what causes gall stones?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: would you believe we used to get clear finger nail polish and put a dab over eat bite.

PATIENT: I disagree. how to do the proper bodybuilding training?
DOCTOR: well you see, it just means that they are calling you, by law they can't leave messages unless it is stating that you have an appointment.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: why is one breast larger than one?
DOCTOR: erm. well... these websites might be able to help you learn more about asperger's syndrome.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how can i tell my boyfriend that i have i might have a std?
DOCTOR: Let me think... chest pain, chest tightening, palpatations, shortness of breath, etc.

PATIENT: yes, but how do i get a swimmer/surfer/skater like body?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but when you see the white stuff squirtting out of the end of your wee wee.

PATIENT: makes sense. the corners of my mouth keep becoming cracked...how can i prevent it?
DOCTOR: A common question. i just walk up to my fiance all nice and sweet.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then i'm losing my confidence, what can i do?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. aren't they fake limbs?.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how to burn calories faster?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially to break down the food so as to allow the body to take from it what it needs and remove the waste.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how to get good figure without workout?
DOCTOR: hmm. endometriosis is one of the most common gynecological disorders.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then what is an orthopantogram?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, i didn't realize we did.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how do you get rid of the irritation from using a hair remover on your bikini area?
DOCTOR: easy: you can't whiten bonding on teeth.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. what is a good way to get rid of cramps?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, low o2.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but ob/gyne what happens after a hysterectomy?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, call the suicide help line there is hope don't give up on life just cause things are gloomy now don't mean your future can't be bright.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how can i get relief from the pain of shingles?
DOCTOR: erm. well... try fish oils, you can take them in a capsul.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. why isn't there are a cure for the common cold?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, try a tablespoon of olive oil and some tea tree oil, which you can find at any health food store.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how do you know if your gettin numonia?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but sorry, don't know what a ******* is.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, how can you cure urinary incontenence?
DOCTOR: I think that total darkness might help.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how do you get water out of your ears?
DOCTOR: erm. well... the bone stucture of you face creates a natural shield around you eyes.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how serious is short term memory loss sporadically?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. lactose intolerance may be congenital or acquired, primary or secondary.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how will a colonoscopy affect my sex life?
DOCTOR: well, optimal blood pressure with respect to cardiovascular risk is less than 120/80 mm hg.

PATIENT: but doctor, how do you sleep?
DOCTOR: hmm. eat all the pies.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: severed artery what to do?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but because eating obviously makes you feel happy and fulfilled.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so what happened when you quit sugar?
DOCTOR: realistically, there is no such federal law, and while it's possible that there may be such a law in your state, i doubt it.

PATIENT: I knew it. why does it hurt?
DOCTOR: You see, what is that supposed to mean?.

PATIENT: but why do we experience heartburn when we have heart failure?
DOCTOR: for me, natural way to whiten teeth:.

PATIENT: alright. what r the signs of male sterility?
DOCTOR: Let me think... you can't "get rid" of a mental disorder.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case what are the symptoms of lock jaw?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, they are not the same a neonatal  nurse works  in the nicu wich is an icu unit for newborn babies they are specailized in that field instead of general pediatrics.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how to make your bust look bigger?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, i think that therapeutic touch has to do with certain learned techniques, such as reiki, massage, etc, that is used for specific ailments, injuries and so forth, and that a lot, or some schooling, and/or certifications are required.

PATIENT: but doctor, how do you shave during late pregnancy?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think wear flats.

PATIENT: alright. why do african american men lead the world in prostate cancer?
DOCTOR: for me, probably none.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! how many of you actually know what rabies is and what animals can carry it ?
DOCTOR: it can be your contact lenses.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: can i find out why my bro went to the emergency room> im worried  have acct #?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that ask the doctor to check your b-12 absorption and potassium level.

PATIENT: I knew it. if corn is undisgestable, why is there calories in it?
DOCTOR: hmm. i m not sure.

PATIENT: I disagree. although i have enough sleep why do i yawn so much?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: starting the pill will affect the amount you bleed.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how to increase sence of humor?
DOCTOR: A common question. tissue reaction to a foreign body, builds up around it.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! positive solutions for getting rid of cellulite?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially see resources below.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how do i get rid of an ingrown toenail?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. pranayama a branch of yoga(old indian science).

PATIENT: but doctor, i asked earlier how to lighten hair naturally with out lemos sum said hydrogen peroxide....that sounds toxic?
DOCTOR: when it's hot, we drink a lot more (right?), our body obtains the ater and makes it look bigger, so it's just water weight.

PATIENT: but what is the effect of high ph on adult human blood and red bllod cells?
DOCTOR: You see, maybe you're not getting enough sleep.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: what is depo-medrol?
DOCTOR: well you see, because the effects of various nutrients on humans can be measured, studied, tested, and repeated.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. what are other ways of getting rid of menstral cramps?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, restrict fluids 2 hours before bed.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: my hayfever is just unbearable, what do i do?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. my eye does it too.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. how would u pick up an elephant with one hand?
DOCTOR: erm. well... allen carr and easyway - because, you know, it is very easy, does not cost a bomb, does not require will-power, does not mean weight gain, does not mean irritability, no replacement therapy, gives you the right attitude about smoking (i.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how to get rid of pimples and acne?
DOCTOR: I think that we are creatures of habit.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. what is the difference, nutritionally and diet-wise, between low fat yougurt and low fat cottage cheese?
DOCTOR: easy: it just means that they are calling you, by law they can't leave messages unless it is stating that you have an appointment.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, why do my breast itch and?
DOCTOR: for me, posturing is a classic effect during a seizure and a classic sign of permanent brain damage when the posturing is constant.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: what are the benefits and pitfalls of artificial sweeteners as opposed to regular sugar?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. many times the "twitch" is caused by a vitamin b-12 deficiency.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. what is the quickest way to get rid of a bruise?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: i have never heard that phrase.

PATIENT: I knew it. what are the harms of the masturbation?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that xanax is a tranquilizer used in the short-term relief of symptoms of anxiety or the treatment of anxiety disorders.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how to get rid of the blood stream around the eyes that occur due to over tired?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think there is no such thing as "burning fat" unless you are cooking meat.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how do i stop the itch from poison ivy?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think have some hobbies.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, i have severe dandruff ...how do i get rid of it...and keepit off?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, technically u are not suppose to fast if u have these predisposing factors, however u may be exempted by the head of your church.

PATIENT: I knew it. why do my eyes water and hurt when i read?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: go to the doctor - it's the only way.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case why do i get tired eyes(sleepy) when i read a book?
DOCTOR: erm. well... cider vinegar has acid in the liquid the liquid .

PATIENT: riiiiiight. why do those starving africans have huge pot bellies?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. some antibiotics you can take and have no effect.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. how do you get rid of the fat on the back of your arms?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, well stop thinking that the answers are outside of yourself and listening to what people have to say about you and what you should do and all the bla bla bla.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. why is the world so sad?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: counselling is more or less like an intensive educational acivity which is mostly done in between 2 person in a confined place.

PATIENT: yes, but if i received oral sex from a girl a had a rubber on what the change i could get a std?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, our olfactory glands (used for smelling) is located right above our nose, so when you have congestion, it is harder for the glands to sense the smell of foods and things.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how do i delete my yahoo account?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think definitely he will be more satisfying to his woman provided he is not being affected psychologically by vasectomy.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how do you get dehydrated?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. it's an antibiotic.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how can i get a brief facial tan without using the sun or tanning salonz?
DOCTOR: well, prehistoric man used them as wind chimes.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how do stop the skin on near my fingernails from drying up?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. for some people its just not in their gene's to have flat tummy's, but try adding some crunches or pilates to your workouts to build some abs.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, how to treat pancreatitis?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. do stuff.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how do i treat a dislocated shoulder?
DOCTOR: for me, you have to divide your weight in kilograms by height in meters squared.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. why do i always leave out the most important words in a sentence?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think the skin is thinner under the eyes than the rest of the body and therefore shows the blood vessels more.

PATIENT: okay doc. what is the difference between foam soap and regular liquid soap?
DOCTOR: I believe that doctors don't really know.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how can i feed my baby in her fifth mounth?
DOCTOR: A common question. grams?.

PATIENT: but doctor, what should i consider when buying sun glasses?
DOCTOR: simply put, well while those are the most common way to contract aids, you can also get it anytime your blood or bodily fluids come into contact with someone else's blood who has aids.

PATIENT: alright. how can i get a six pack for abs?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think bend and carry something at least twice your weight.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. what is a ng tube suctioning?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially dear friend, gargle with warm saline water for your sore throat ( 3 to 5 times a day).

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then why does my thigh twitch or shake by itself and how do i stop it?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. the flowing water puts the image in your mind.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how do you comfort an athiest?
DOCTOR: I think that use sunblock, starting with a high spf, and slowly work down.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: what is a carpal tunnel?
DOCTOR: well, implants done inexpensively?   that's not going to happen.

PATIENT: I disagree. how can a clear earwax out of my ear?
DOCTOR: hmm. premature ejaculation is most likely a learning behavior.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then how to prepare a carrot juice?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think there are many different excerices that target the pecs.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. why do women ignore the red spot after crossing legs?
DOCTOR: Let me think... aloette has great products for dark circles around eyes.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! why do old toothless people make chewing movements and odd noises with their mouths and how can it be stopped?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. you might want to see a physical therapist.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what do steriods look like?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. sensible would be to lop it off.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: i picked it too hard, now look what happened, what do i do?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. there are three strains of hiv.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how do i get rid of the hair in my legs permanently because im a girl?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. i just found this out recently.

PATIENT: okay doc. what is the meaning of life?
DOCTOR: easy: a tunneled catheter exits the skin at a point a few inches distant from where it enters the vessel.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how does taking antidepressants effect work habits and drive?
DOCTOR: the answer is that most likely, david.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, what is triamcinolone acetonide?
DOCTOR: i think that when you are around people you don't know ( strangers) that you would get embarrassed.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. what are some signs of strep throught?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, nothing serious it might be a deficiency of some vitamins.

PATIENT: I knew it. i recently stop using meth what could help me go through the withdrawl?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, my husband actually uses my hair conditioner, makes his beard softer and helps his skin too.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. why does broken bone hurts when the weather is changing?
DOCTOR: easy: it is probably an infection.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how can i identitify a prescription pill?
DOCTOR: well you see, to clear the schnozz of irritants and microbes.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. what are the signs in the way someone writes to tell if they have mental illness?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. the anus is a muscle so if you open it to fast to wide it could rip and i hope you know what happens then so if you are into this kind of thing train the anus start using a small finger first then you can move on to bigger objects.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. why do some people have crooked abs?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. the official time is adjusted forward, (usually) one hour from its official standard time, remaining that way for the duration of the spring and summer months.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how do you persuade people and children to do exercising?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. spina bifida is simply a failure of the posterior (back) portions of your spine to fuse in the midline while you are a fetoid.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, what is more beneficial a sauna or a steam-bath?
DOCTOR: I think that you can have your ketones checked via a urine sample.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: what is the medication omeprazol used for?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, our skin has a defense system that makes us aware of annoying things that touch our body.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, how do i stop craving bad foods?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, pretty good chance you didnt get it, you would have needed to have a cut on your penis and she needed to e bleeding from the mouth, and even then pretty low risk, doesnt mean you didnt get something else, would suggest going to your local health department and getting a test done, its easy cheap and confidential, they dont even use your name, just a number.

PATIENT: makes sense. serious question: how can pharmacists play a more active role in helping patients mange their health?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, as long as they are darker than your skin color it looks better.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! what are the symptoms of mono?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think you aren't drinking enough water.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. what does a priapism indicate?
DOCTOR: simply put, it depends on the situation, but it could be that the swallow reflex is bad.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, why does drinking cause memory loss?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think foam soap is pre-lathered (kind of like shaving cream) while regular liquid soap must be add to the hand with water before you make your own lather.

PATIENT: yes, but what is the perimeter of a soccer field?
DOCTOR: symptoms of a heart attack: chest pain, shortness of breath, sweating, pain in the upper back, flushing, pain down the left arm, pain radiating up into the jaw, feeling a sense of doom.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: why is there hair in our noses?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that all of the other answers are good.

PATIENT: but doctor, how do you cope with a hypochondriac?
DOCTOR: easy: walk up to a random guy you think is cute, kiss him on the mouth, then walk away.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how can i stop being jealous?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially duh, he's magic.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: what causes cysts on your ovaries?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. compartment syndrome occurs when a fixed compartment, defined by myofascial elements or bone, becomes subject to increased pressure, leading to ischemia and organ dysfunction.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. what do i have to do to get a more defined jaw line?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. phytolacca berry tablets in mother tincture !.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how can i workout on my abbs without increasing the size of my back mussles?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. pneumonia is one of the most common but it can also be caused by lying down too long.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how do  i get rid of a sept throat or sore throat?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: praying to god , prat-icing in the mirror.

PATIENT: but what causes pimples on the tongue?
DOCTOR: realistically, it cant be overcome as its one of d refractory defects of d lens, but it cud b resolved by using corrective lens, need to consult an ophthalmologist, he'l prove a great help, try to improve ur vit-a supplemnts, avoid watchin 2much tv fr a close range.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: what is the body's natural way to burn fat and what creates it?
DOCTOR: You see, ok.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. why do things still look a little blurry through my eyes, since i got my  contacts?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: madula oblongatta (sp) its a part of your brain in the back.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how do i maintain a high energy level with little sleep ?
DOCTOR: erm. well... if you are talking about getting a ct or mri on your neck or lower back, then try looking up "radicular pain" or "radiculopathy".

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but vegans:what is a complete protein?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: abreva works great!  go to walgreens and get it.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: why do we yawn when we get tired?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, masturbating is the fondling and pleasuring of the genitals.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how can i improve my confidence and what its source ...?
DOCTOR: well, people need it.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case what is the effect of 40 digree c temp variation in human daily life?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that aloe vera plant or aloe.

PATIENT: yes, but why am i losing weight now?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, because it's considered a toxic and not biodegradable.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how do you know if you have a broken bone?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but hello and hi are you.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how to reduce the collastral(fat) in body?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. the liver creates bile and mixes it with feces or stool and that gives it the brown color.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. what is the difference between pyhsical & emotional maturity?
DOCTOR: for me, from what i remember from home ec, you can actually use hair spray.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how can i get rid of my lower back pain?
DOCTOR: the name of a limited liability company - d.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: okay, i have unprotected sex with my boyfriend,why haven't i gotten pregnant, its been 3 yrs :-(?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: soak them in hot boiling water and bite them off making sure that you get the black seed in the middle of the wart this worked for me and they never grew back on my hands.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what is a butt and what does it do?
DOCTOR: easy: fatigue, loss of appetite anemia,discomfort in the abdomen.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. how can a person get the public to send an uplifting card to a person dying of cancer?
DOCTOR: for me, my sweet friend, you are so clear in your thoughts .

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. what causes pain in the chest cavity?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: depends, if you want to look taller, wear basketball shoes, which often rise higher off the ground.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. why is my nipple piercing still sore?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially it's the whole pavlov thing.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! girls - at what age did you start puberty and did it affect how you looked and acted?
DOCTOR: I think that other than the answers already mentioned, you could have irritated your nipples in some way, causing them to be somewhat raw and sensitive.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: what is pseudomonas?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. do squats pretty heavy weight about enough to do about 8-10 3sets, leg extensions, hip abductor, walking lungs, and hack squats, if you do that you will get bigger.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what do i do?
DOCTOR: for me, try gently rubbing oil (baby oil, mineral oil or olive oil--whatever you've got on hand) on it.

PATIENT: yes, but what are the bad points about wearing bifocals?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: do you have stomach acid problems (acid reflux)?  my mother just had to have her teeth bonded on the bottom b/c they're eroding from her bad acid reflux.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. what is a walking cam?
DOCTOR: You see, don't sleep with your window open.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, how can i get rid of red eyes,fast?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that i'll assume not until you tell me.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how can you contract aids if you aren't sexually active, don't do drugs, and never got a blood transfusion?
DOCTOR: for me, the exact cause of the formation of ganglion cysts is still unknown.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. in detail what are the signs if someone is drunk or high?
DOCTOR: I think that it's the pressure from all the mucus in your sinuses.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how does a person know if they look 30 or 35, where is the chart?
DOCTOR: simply put, have your blood sugar checked.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how to stop severe facial bleeding?
DOCTOR: realistically, have a mammogram.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. why under arm smell badly?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but in a children's hospital everything is (obviously) designed for children.

PATIENT: but how does lack of sleep affect your health?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that i would contact the state board of nursing for the state you want to practice in.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. why do women get pms?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, to answer your question, yes, in some cases.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how early can you find out ur pregnant?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. it is not masturbation.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. what do you meant by hallucination?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that i have heard, on this morning of all places, that if you drink black coffee before you exercise this helps?! could be a load of rubbish.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so what is obesity?
DOCTOR: Let me think... sleep, most important -do not compromise on a good 8 hour undisturbed sleep cycle.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. how do you put on wieght when i eat heaps and still weigh less than 45kg?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. i was always told that it was the 1st sign of gengivitis.

PATIENT: but doctor, what is pseudoephedrine hci why is it taken off the market?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. *sigh*.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! what doeas 20/20 in 20/20 vision mean?
DOCTOR: I believe that hi.

PATIENT: yes, but why do we need blood?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but i hate it so much because then smoking will never come to an end!  i really hate it and the smell and everythign about those cancer sticks, and i don't konw why they smoke.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. why do i get random bruises without even hit?
DOCTOR: simply put, if your a chick it could be your makeup getting in your eyes and clogging the tear ducts.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. why can't i get an orgasum durring sex?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think they'd take a blood sample first.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how does smoking for 5 years in your early twenties effect your chances for lung cancer?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: first of all see a doctor.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so what is a cell?
DOCTOR: the answer is that probably because all their hair follicles were  destroyed.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. why do i sneeze when i go outside from a dark room on a sunny day?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, it's called paradontitis (i don't know if i spelled it right.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, what is the best way to deal with severe migraines?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: hypnotherapy is something a licensed clinical psychologist uses to treat people with mental illness.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! how do you measure body fat?
DOCTOR: hmm. methadone isn't a legal drug either.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how to get more energy?
DOCTOR: well, is this person on narcotics?  mm is one of the most painful cancers and drugs like morphine can cause urinary retention.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. how can i cure my pimples?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but there can only be two methods,.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. how can you stop a jumpy muscle?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: i'm not sure how to make them go, they just tend to go away by themselves in a couple of days.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. how does hypnotism help someone quit smoking?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that menopause is the time at which the mensturation ceases.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how can i make my penis head less sensitive to touch?
DOCTOR: I think that have you been sexually active without protection?  could be chlamydia or another std (it happens to a lot of people without them knowing.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how can i stop biting my nails?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. if this is an ongoing problem , you will need to see a gastroenterologist.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how to develop lean body mass?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: nasogastric tube suctioning; tube run from nose to stomach for passage of food.

PATIENT: but doctor, how do the pupils in are eyes become dialated?
DOCTOR: I believe that occulogyric crisis occurs in response to drugs,especially in children.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how can you cure fibromyalgia?
DOCTOR: hmm. slow heart rate and an irregular heart beat.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. what is anemic?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: a lot of bones don't burn either.

PATIENT: I disagree. what is the small black spot in the white of my eye?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. i agree with the statement about proactive, and the anti bacteria soap, but you must flush your system by drinking lots of water, and eat lemons and clean your skin with lemons.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. why do female stood me up?
DOCTOR: You see, believe in yourself.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what is a good supplement to take while working out?
DOCTOR: A common question. cough is a natural phenomena to bring out any foreign body or any secretion from the lower respiratory tract.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. how to get rid of vaginal smell?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. if u gain a lot of weight, chances are your breasts will grow also.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how can i get rid or prevent the bumps i get after shaving?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, because your body is trying to relieve the pressure & yawning relaxes you.

PATIENT: but whatâ€™s the affect of mixing amoxil with alcohols?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially doing crunches tightens the muscles in the stomach, but no matter how tight those muscles are, if there is a layer of "fat" over it (and i'm not saying your fat, we all have it.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: why women masturbate?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. because there are many dirty place, with people living in scanty hygienic condition.

PATIENT: alright. how do you get rid of wind under the ribs?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. it depends on laminectomy where - cervical, thoracic or lumabr and for what indication- degenerative or tumor.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: why can't my friend sit still in his wheelchair?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. because even though pharmacies are about keeping healthy and healing illness, they are still a business and businesses need to make money.

PATIENT: but doctor, how do you know if your pregnant?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think marcaine is an athesthetic used in surgery.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! why does my right forearm get stiff and painful from my pc mouse?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, some people use slang to sound street are gangster.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how ironic is it?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: the best thing i can suggest (with my lack of knowledge of what goes on in these situations in america, 'cos i'm british) is to move to england.

PATIENT: alright. what are the symptons of a bad gall bladder?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that the best way to slim down in the middle is to do plenty of cardiovascular exercise.

PATIENT: but why shouldn't teens do drugs and smoking?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: marketing strategy.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. why do the muscles around the eye sometimes glinch?
DOCTOR: erm. well... u can start with snuff it's been around 4 centuries.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. why are cigarettes legal?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. dont think so much about what your doing think of other things.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: why do identical twins have physical differences if they have the same dna?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. its because there skin is streched out.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how do aloevera protect from acne without adding chemicals to it?
DOCTOR: most of the time people use it in referance to negative things, so most people think the word to mean- 'a bad sign'.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. how do you get rid of an tooth ach?
DOCTOR: I think that i would get it from complex carbs like rye wafers.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how do you workout the upperchest area?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. autism is usually caused by birth defects.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. how is marraige counselling supose to help?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that umm.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how does the effective ways to decrease your weight?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think dip q-tips in rubbing alcohol and clean out your ears with them.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so what do vaginal warts look like?
DOCTOR: hmm. 2 rounds of washing with a good shampoo ought to do it.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. how come some kids dont brush thier teeth and still dont have cavities?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, it originated from the "today show!".

PATIENT: riiiiiight. how you get rid of a lover?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. check into getting a really thick lotion.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how do i get fat?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, well its good for the digestive tract,.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but what is the cost of sanity?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. these are both second degree heart blocks.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. my fingernails seem  to be getting softer and thinner and want to know the reason why?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but excercise(crunches, sdit ups, etc.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: what is  manic,schizophrenic like disorders,and also what is psychoses?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. if you were a woman i would say hot flashes,i really dont know if you are a guy .

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how bad is smoking if you have high blood pressure?
DOCTOR: for me, a strong odor to the urine can be due to many things -- infection, dehydration, vitamins, foods.

PATIENT: but doctor, how come sometimes i get cold at 80% and sometimes i get hot at the same temperature?
DOCTOR: erm. well... the best way would be to start going to church and get saved.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how happy/unhappy are you?
DOCTOR: well you see, tell me more about what is wrong with it.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how do i prevent premature ejeculation?
DOCTOR: I think that another method is known as jelqing (or jelquing).

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so what is spondylitis?
DOCTOR: for me, spicy foods make it taste a lot better.

PATIENT: but doctor, how can you get reed of stretch marks naturally?
DOCTOR: simply put, boogers are made by bacteria and dust sticking to mucus and sticking together.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. how safe is it to loose weight with doctor prescribed pills ?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, it was called black death from the color of the sores all over the body, there was very little safeguard untill we developed vaccines for it in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. how is ur stomach supposed to fell when ur pregnant what if u dont know ur pregnant?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. first q is how old are u and of course male or female and which nationality u have?.

PATIENT: makes sense. why does the color of urine varies everytime you go the bathroom?
DOCTOR: I think that hepatitis a is an enterovirus transmitted by the orofecal route, such as contaminated food.

PATIENT: So my hunch was correct. Huh. i wanna reduce 3inch at my waist.how can i do it without affecting the rest of my body?tell me exercise n diet
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. because they don't fall from the sky.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how do i stop falling asleep at work (tips)?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think it is a hormone pill.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! hi, i am adicted to nicotine, do u have an idea how to stop from smoking?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially my mom had ms.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. what causes hiccups?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. think a hunch backed is when your spine is not straight and when you walk with your head down, it's like a little bump on your back , below the neck.

PATIENT: but doctor, why are my eyes itching and burning all the time?
DOCTOR: the answer is that try slices of cucumber.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how do i not make my teeth hurt after getting my braces tightened?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that plz take your child to the er asap.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. why do we yawn when we see some one else yawns?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but i think you need to see a doctor.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how do u get rid of paint if it sticks to your body?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. styes tend to disappear off their own accord in about 5 to 7 days.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how can i get my good night sleep back?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that ewww worms? i don't know, sit naked out in the rain and hope they crawl to the surface.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: what are the tests for tuberculosis and what is the remedy and precautions?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, curling up on half way or less, rather than a full sit up.

PATIENT: but what is the cause of premature ejacultion?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but have a smoking area far away from the non smokers, make the cafeteria smoke free, no smoking in the bathrooms.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. how to spice up our lovemaking?
DOCTOR: speaking honestly: women who work out on the stair climber machine are notorious for developing big butts.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then what can i do to get rid of a stuffy nose?
DOCTOR: well, hmmm.

PATIENT: okay doc. what is the difference between a therapist, counselor, pyschologist?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but "in herbal medicine, damiana is used to treat conditions ranging from coughs, to constipation, to depression.

PATIENT: okay doc. what do u know about hpv?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but cold sores seem to be triggered by stress and/or a depressed immune system (which is why they are called cold sores - they can occur when you're sick) so keeping healthy and relaxed can help a lot.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how do you get rid of coldsores quickly?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that i dont know.

PATIENT: okay. so, then: how can i be more passionate, energetic, motivated and excited about life?
DOCTOR: hmm. it depends if you have dark or light stretch marks.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: what effect does cocaine have on the brain?
DOCTOR: easy: well, my oral surgeon did use anesthesia, and i believe most oral surgeons do.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how can i check to see if someone has autism or not?
DOCTOR: I think that because when they bit you they inject a fluid that helps thin the blood so that as they are suck your blood wont clot.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but how do i make bellybutton look sexy?
DOCTOR: the answer is that they help filter your blood.

PATIENT: I'm not sure I follow. how do you start a diet?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. because even though pharmacies are about keeping healthy and healing illness, they are still a business and businesses need to make money.

PATIENT: no way. okay. so how should i stop congestion?
DOCTOR: simply put, klonopin? it is used to control seizures or is also given for anxiety disorders, schizophrenia, restless leg syndrome.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how do u get rid of a fever?
DOCTOR: Ah, I know this one. megaloblastic anemia, also called pernicious anemia, is a type of anemia characterized by very large red blood cells.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case why do people think being fat is a handicapped?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that a very good symptom, is when you see lots and lots of hot women (or men if your that way inclined), and you feel the blood flowing, heart beating faster, but poor old trouser snake" is still in snooze mode.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. how do i improve my endurance?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: a humidifier adds moisture to the air to improve the humidity in your home or apartment, but the purpose of a vaporizer is to add medications to the air around a sick person.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how do you make a broken bone heal faster?
DOCTOR: the answer is that tetanus is caused by clostridium tetani bacteria, it is not caused by a rusty nail unless it is contaminated by the bacterium.

PATIENT: but doctor, how to contact someone at colgate toothpaste.to show a dispenser for marketing the toothpaste?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but lupus occurs more commonly in females than males, but i believe when males do get lupus it can be just as serious as it is in women.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. what common prescription drugs have a tendency to raise blood sugar levels?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, take a look at your family, what is their height?  you have a good chance of being their height.

PATIENT: I disagree. how can i easily and quickly break my thumb by the end of november?
DOCTOR: A common question. the two procedures that you are asking for are unrelated and can not be done together - for sinus you would need services of and ent (ear nose throat) specialist whereas the crooked nose could be corrected by a plastic surgeon.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: why do some of you answer these questions off topic?
DOCTOR: it seems to me that scientific american defines yawning as a "stereotypical reflex characterized by a single deep inhalation with the mouth open and stretching of muscles of the jaw and trunk.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. how do you get rid of a hickey in less than 24hrs?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially some say if you dream often of one person, like your ex, it could mean you didn't have closure on the relationship.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. what i have to do to get rid of spots on my face?
DOCTOR: speaking as a professional, hmmm i suppose being beautiful has to do with fitting in a being popular by the school group.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, how a fat people can slim their body except diet?
DOCTOR: I think that an old home remedy is to put duct tape over it and leave it on till the tape falls off.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then why aren't bodybuilders arrested when they're so obviously using steroids?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that i used to think green or yellow meant infection but the doctor told me not necessarily.

PATIENT: I knew it. how can pre-mature ejaculation be cured?
DOCTOR: the answer is simple: you can develop folic acid deficiency anemia which is correctable with supplimentary folic acid.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. do fat girls have more fun?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but you may have and std.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! why can't i manage to do even one complete sit up ?
DOCTOR: hmm. you should poo in your pants whenever it itches.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how to remove poligrip from mouth?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. your body is smarter than you think.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how effective are pushups to the biceps?
DOCTOR: let me think... ah: cellulitis is a skin infection caused by bacteria.

PATIENT: I understand. so I guess my follow up question is: how do i get a bigger but?
DOCTOR: well, swimming is one good way, dancing, yoga , aerobics are some other options.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. when one has a bad chest cold, what is the purpose of phlegm?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. the color.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then what do you meant by hallucination?
DOCTOR: Ahha, yes, the answer is that my hubby always splashes cold water on after he shaves, says it prevents in grown hairs.

PATIENT: I knew it. what can i tell my friend who is suffering from a miscarriage?
DOCTOR: well you see, hold, a brown-paper bag, over your nose, & mouth ,firmly.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so what are some of the causes of yeast cells in women's  organs?
DOCTOR: well, probably for an urologist to answers.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, why is my labium majora swollen?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. i'm with you on the eyebrows! colin farell, antonio banderas, salma hayek.

PATIENT: alright. what is inoflux for?
DOCTOR: this is a classic question. for the same reason sky divers wear helmets.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what is hemorroides?
DOCTOR: why do you want the color white? actually not all semen are white in color, some this yellowish but not like the puss.

PATIENT: what do you mean? let me re-phrase: how do i increase my agility?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but women can please themselves in a multitude of ways! run the phrase through a search engine and see what comes up.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so why do i always see myself as fat, when i'm really not?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think decreased oxygen to the brain cells, at the most basic level.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. how do i live with aids?
DOCTOR: ending?????  never heard that question before.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then i have a sore throat that only hurts late at night and in the morning, why?
DOCTOR: to be blunt, if you have back pain it can alleviate it.

PATIENT: but doctor, what is knee effusion?
DOCTOR: Hmmmm. i am sorry i cannot answer that.

PATIENT: hmm. I'm not sure about that. what is a good fish oil supplement to take,,what should i look for in the ingredients?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially they will grow when they are ready to grow.

PATIENT: I suspected as much. what is strep throat?
DOCTOR: hmm. unfortunately, you need to go to the hospital.

PATIENT: alright. I'm embarassed to ask this but i would like to know how to u total cleans your body safely and quickly?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, celiac sprue causes mainly diarrhea.

PATIENT: yes, I guess that makes sense. so then why the doctors are cleaning up the nidels before the lethal injection?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but multiple sclerosis.

PATIENT: alright. why when i exercise do i get pungent gas?
DOCTOR: I honestly don't know. lots of things you should be more explicit, diabetes type one is a condition that where the pancreas more no insulin and is needed to be injected daily.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what is sexs?
DOCTOR: erm. well... what you're talking about sounds like superstition.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: how can a contortionist bend their bodies backwards so tightly without breaking any bones?
DOCTOR: for me, either you will have to get motivated.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. explain how prolactin affects the menstrual cycle?
DOCTOR: well you see, tell him ur bi .

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. how can bruises be removed?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, you should do your cardio fo 30 min a day and that doesnt mean 15 min here and 15 min there.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. why dont muscle relaxents make the heart relax at all?
DOCTOR: you should talk to your orthodontist.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, like 4 says ago, i lost my virginity, why am i so nausiated?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. there are many cheap and effective home remedies for acne.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so how do you get rid of dark knees and elbows?
DOCTOR: ah, well essentially i don't think it means anything becuz i have one and i'm as normal as anyone else.

PATIENT: but doctor, why do humans suffer appendicitis?
DOCTOR: easy: by "loss of central vision", do you mean a dark area, or just a blurry area that's not as sharp? if it is a dark area, it sounds to me like a second opinion is possibly in order because that is a classic symptom of macular degeneration.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case how do you get rid of ringing in your ears?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. as you gain weight your eye sight deteriorates and the part of your brain where you make judgment calls dies.

PATIENT: let me re-phrase this. why do majority of the chinese ladies need to go through strict confinement after birth yet caucasians don't?
DOCTOR: for me, lupus occurs more commonly in females than males, but i believe when males do get lupus it can be just as serious as it is in women.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: my friend was asking me why is he not getting more than 5 hours sleep?
DOCTOR: the answer is that 1.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case why do we need blood?
DOCTOR: hyperthyroidism may cause decrease in menstrual flow and infertility.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how can i stop masterbating?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think i have heard that putting toothpaste on them works well.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. what is a cardio exercise?
DOCTOR: Hm. I think part of it has to do with a persons race.

PATIENT: okay doc. what is pericardial window?
DOCTOR: I get this one a lot. well, if you really, really, really want to get rid of it, leeches work.

PATIENT: alright. where did  hiv originally come from?
DOCTOR: hmm. good question. I think that you can buy single lens cases and you should change them frequently just because of the bacteria build-up and you are putting the lenses in your eyes after they soak in these containers.

PATIENT: that makes no sense! what causes central serous retinopathy?
DOCTOR: You see, it's going to depend on the severity of the chip.

PATIENT: riiiiiight. what causes the symptoms of stomach pains and throwing up blood?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think probably none.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so how do you lose the fat from the thighs?
DOCTOR: that's a tricky one. that is an ultra huge question of which there is not enough space here to answer it.

PATIENT: that makes sense I think. so what is fibermiliga?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, you know what i do not wish to sound cruel but , the only person who can change this "gambling" situation is you.

PATIENT: That is unbelievable. so then, why people prefer femal doctors?
DOCTOR: I believe that i used to have the same problem, i'll say the best way to get rid the blister is to rinse regularly using antisheptic mouth rinse after meal and before bed time and apply "watermelon frost" (a chinese medicine that u can get at any chinese convenient store) on the blister after using the mouth rinse.

PATIENT: yes, but i tried to sneeze w/o closing my eyes and my eyeball popped out...what do i do?
DOCTOR: easy: because if you did your eye-balls would pop out from the pressure.

PATIENT: I knew you'd say that. okay, so what is a heart murmur and what are its affects on a person over 60?
DOCTOR: do suryanamaskar regularly.

PATIENT: really? oh. well in that case what is ambien cr?
DOCTOR: Hmm. I think addison's disease is an endocrine or hormonal disorder that occurs in all age groups and afflicts men and women equally.

PATIENT: wait, I'm confused. why do i get a twitch when i lie down to sleep?
DOCTOR: in my opinion, he has a skin condition which makes his skin turn white and blochy so he uses creams to even it out.

PATIENT: I disagree. i get so irritated why?
DOCTOR: I'm not sure, but start taking birth control.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: why do we need blood?
DOCTOR: realistically, congradulations!! ky is your best bet, but not the warming kind, because you both will be hot enough and you will have to go slow and easy and that will be hard on you.

PATIENT: That's what I read online too. how's your vagina?
DOCTOR: erm. well... i dont know how they are caused, but i had one and someone told me to purchase a product called boil ease.

PATIENT: ah, that's good to know. so based on that, what's the difference between an endodontist and a periodontist and an orthodontist?
DOCTOR: You see, agree with sallywag.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: how are drugs addictable?
DOCTOR: I believe that as there are no adequate and well-controlled studies in pregnant women, this drug should be used during pregnancy only if clearly needed.

PATIENT: wait, what? okay, let me ask another way: what is a walking cam?
DOCTOR: the answer is that you know which foods are bitter and you won't eat them or drink them, you can tell other people ahead of time not to eat or drink foods like that.

PATIENT: I was hoping you'd say that. why do we not have hair in our palms?
DOCTOR: I'm asked this a lot. your body is releasing excess heat as a way to regulate body temperature.

PATIENT: oh. right. so I guess my question then is: why is my poop green lately?
DOCTOR: I think that you can.

PATIENT: but doctor, what is  a discography?
DOCTOR: simply put, do you mean pads?.

PATIENT: I thought that might be the case. what is the orange-red spotting in a baby boy's diaper..........the doctor did not know?
DOCTOR: for me, sounds like a really strong bruise.

PATIENT: OK, look, this is going nowhere. Goodbye. 

